i had originally chosen the conrad chicago hotel for its location near shopping centers that were within walking distance . however , i later learned that i had made a poor choice . upon arrival , the lobby seemed nice and we checked in with the clerk . although , when we reached out hotel room , we were dissapointed in finding it to be a one-bedroom suite . my family went back down to demand another room with two queen-size beds . the clerk , after a twenty minute waiting period , was able to find us a suitable room . upon entering , the room was noticably hot . we turned on the air conditioning , and after waiting for thirty minutes , the room remained muggy and humid . i called the front desk to complain and ask for a repair man or another room . they promised a repairman within ten minutes . n hour later i called again and remined them that the repairman hadn ' t shown up . they once again promised a speedy repair . while waiting , i discovered that our room had no soap and the towels were still damp . i called the front lobby and she said that they were sorry for the inconvenience and that there were some more one the first level , but i had to go get them . after all this trouble , i argued that they should bring it up to me , but in the end , i wound up going to get it myself . after returning to my room and waiting another n minutes , the repair man had not shown up . so i called again , and within n minutes the repairman came . he managed to fix the air conditioner , but it was about nam . we were finally able to get some peace and rest well after the room cooled off , but as the night went on , we noticed another problem . the air conditioner began to make wretched screeches and banging sounds . it also emitted a strange odor . upon checking with the front desk , we demanded another room because it was too late at night to have it repaired . there were not available rooms left , and being so fed up with this hotel ' s poor service , we promptly left and checked in at a nearby hotel . i don ' t recommend the conrad chicago to anyone who wants to enjoy their time . 
location , location , location . what a great find ! excellent , well-run , small boutique-type hotel on a tree-lined street near all the action without being in the oppressive crunch of it . rooms are good-sized and clean good bed and shower with tub . the air conditioner , as mentioned in other reviews , is noisy , but it ' s a minor complaint . the staff is simply wonderful and attentive from housecleaning to concierge . the on site restaurant is great . the red-line el is about n-n blocks away which makes getting around the city a breeze . you are footsteps away from rush street and north michigan avenue and lake michigan . i would not have a moment ' s hesitation booking at this hotel again in the future in fact , i wouldn ' t book anywhere else . 
the omni chicago hotel was a delight to stay in . the second you step into the place , it takes your breath away . it ' s very modern with an antique twist . the rooms are spacious and comfortable . they are clean . every member of the staff was courteous and polite . proud of their place of work . happy to be there . you don ' t often see that . the room service was phenomenal . visiting chicago was amazing , and staying at the omni hotel made my visit that much better . the luxurious pools were an added plus as well . i also enjoyed the gym facilities . i will definitely be staying at the omni hotel on my next visit . 
problems started when i booked the intercontinental chicago online at the hotel ' s site , and got a server error . somehow i managed to get my reservation , and wish i had looked elsewhere on this great chicago street , filled with plenty of other options . the server errors continued at check in and didn ' t let up . i was on a holiday weekend , but far too many others must have been pushy conventioneers , and i had trouble getting served . the hotel is enormous and doesn ' t give a sense of comfort . the health facilities are also just too big , so noisy and crowded . and internet access was n a day , kind of surprising when i can go around the corner to a starbucks ! next time , i ' ll pick a more intimate place nearby--without so many ' server errors ' . 
i recently had a horrible stay at the intercontinental hotel in chicago . when i first arrived i was impressed with the architecture and location , but things went downhill in a hurry . the front desk staff was extremely rude upon checking in and even though i had reserved a room with two queen beds , they told me that ' only king bed rooms were available at the time ' , and there was nothing they could do about it . the room itself was a nightmare . it smelled like an ashtray and it was very clear that the bedding was in dire need of replacement . there was also a huge problem with my television , in that it would automatically turn itself off every n minutes or so . i complained about these problems , but very little was done . the hotel staff eventually did bring me new sheets , but the quality was only marginally improved . overall i was very disappointed with my stay at the intercontinental hotel in chicago . from the pictures i had seen online i had expected a wonderful hotel , but what i actually got was on par with what you would typically find at a rundown interstate motel . 
the omni chicago hotel offers all the great amenities in comfort that is expected of a luxury hotel , particularly speedy and easy wireless internet access and nice-sized plasma tv ' s . the windows are big enough to give a spectacular view of the city skyline while reclining on a great sofa in a comfortable and luxurious living room , before sleeping in a king-sized bed of either feather or foam pillows , which is particularly relaxing after taking a bath or shower in the spacious bathroom . an in-room massage appointment will add an additional relaxing aspect to the stay . there ' s even an exercise kit within the room for extra convince . however , the vast fitness center is just as worthy to use , as well as the whirlpool , jacuzzi and the indoor swimming pool . sunbathing is an easy activity to achieve via the two rooftop sundecks . a nice aspect that isn ' t so common to find is the ability to have small pets stay with you in the hotel . the omni chicago is a great way to add a bit of luxury to any type of vacation , particularly when you don ' t want to be separated from your pet , within the area . 
the omni chicago hotel was in one word , dreadful . the hotel is in the heart of the city and traffic is chaotic . the service is terrible . if you want to wait for your room for n and a half hours this is the place to go ! throughout a whole week , beds are made once and bathrooms are never cleaned . the hotel is no help when looking for a nice place to dine or a fun place to visit , they give no info for any activities going on in chicago . this hotel should be listed in the top n worst hotels in america . do not waste your time nor money staying at the omni chicago hotel . 
it has been a couple of years since i stayed here , and got it for a night last weekend on hotwire . i paid only n and stayed a saturday night . i was very impressed with the redecorating done to the hotel . the lobby has always been great , but the rooms were a little shabby in the past . not any more , as the hotel has been redecorated in the last few years . the location is still amazing , and with the berghoff open again , there is a great restaurant within walking distance . 
quite simply the hyatt regency chicago is the business traveler ' s best friend . recently i had to attend a seminar in chicago and stayed at the hyatt . to say i was impressed would be an understatement . centrally located in the heart of downtown , the hyatt has perfected the art of ultimate guest satisfaction . on arrival the staff goes into overdrive . they make you feel like you are the only guest in this huge hotel . the rooms are very big and elegantly furnished with n percent cotton linens . my room came equipped with flat screen tv , wi-fi and high speed internet . room service was quite extensive and if it was not on the menu they went out of their way to accomodate you . there were also car rental on site as were restaurants , cocktail bar and a n hour dining room . they have state of the art conference rooms with high tech features . there is also catering and limo service . the staff is multilingual and the concierge service is very professional . all in all they will pamper you from head to toe and other parts in between . this hotel is definitely worth the price and i will definitely return not as a business traveler but as a tourist who wants to be pampered . my only regret ? that i could not stay much longer . 
if you ' re in chicago and want to stay in the loop , the allegro hotel is perfect for you . it ' s centrally located , stylish rooms and attentive staff . i stayed at the hotel for n nights and was very pleased with everything . the bed was very comfy and had plenty of fluffy pillows , large flat screen tv , radio with ipod docking station and bathroom was hip and clean . everyone that i came in contact with was very friendly and helpful . my last day there , i ordered room service and not only was my meal perfect and delivered on time , the kitchen called to see if everything was alright . i have never had that kind of follow up service . i ' ve stayed at the palomar in dc , another kimpton hotel and received exceptional service there too . i will definitely see if kimpton has a hotel at my next destination . 
my wife and i stayed here for a weekend and we absolutely loved it . the atmosphere was very chic upscale in my opinion you get more than what you pay for with the brand name amenities without breaking the bank . my wife even got to bring along her dog ( aka n man ! ) . i would definitely stay here again would recommend it to anyone staying in the chicago area . 
where do i start . the gm was a nice guy for handling the incident i had . anthony -the concierge - set me up with a massage when the reservation at the spa i requested was unavailable . anthony said he knew this spa and it was nice . he set me up and quoted me a price of n , when i got to the spa ( which was actually a seedy nail and hair salon ) i saw on the front window that a massage for an hour was n with n off . at the end of the massage i gave the lady n and said thanks you can keep the change , she insisted that i got ' a hotel rate ' because anthony set me up . she called anthony and confirmed the rate then told me she had to go and pay anthony the difference - n . she then offered me a ride to the hotel since she was going there which i declined . in short - shady dealings with this place . i was quite taken back . the gm selman comp ' d me a night but , i felt swindled big time . stay somewhere else . the concierge has something going on . . . 
do you want to stay in a sleek modern hotel that gives you all of the amenities to conduct your business ? then the james hotel in chicago is the place for you . superb clean lines and sophistication welcomes you on first sight . followed by spacious rooms , luxurious linens , and all-natural kiehl ' s body shampoos and lotions . i absolutely loved my stay at the james hotel in downtown chicago . the bathrooms have raised sinks , and all of the luxurious amenities you would want . i absolutely loved the natural wood feel mingled with a modern touch . i felt at home in a very clean and modern atmosphere . i definitely would stay again , and plan to stay at the james in new york as well 
the hard rock hotel in chicago has it all location , comfort , and rockability ! we stayed at the hard rock hotel in chicago recently and found it to be amazing ! the location was perfect as it is walking distance to the magnificent mile , navy pier , and lake michigan . it was just a short ride by bus or cab to the sports stadiums , shedd aquarium or the museum of science and industry ! the food , although it was pricey , was great ! there is a spa on site if you need a little time to relax and recoup after all that rockin ' , and if you have pets , they get the royal treatment , complete with gifts ! i would highly recommend the hard rock hotel of chicago ! 
if you want a n-star hotel with n-star service , make sure you book your next chicago stay at fairmont chicago millennium park . when i checked in to the hotel , i had to wait at the desk for over ten minutes with no line . i was greeted with no ' thank you for your patience , ' or anything similar . the room was fine , but nothing too glamorous or outstanding . the internet cost n . n day which is outrageous considering the price of the hotel itself . the thing that pushed me over the edge , however , was the valet parking . when i wanted my car in the morning , i had to wait n minutes to be acknowledged ( the valets were talking to each other and ignoring me altogether ) . and for this ' service ' i was charged n . n night ! ! ! ! when i went to complain at the front desk , they just said that sometimes the valets get overwhelmed , and you have to exercise patience ! i will exercise patience as i check out of this hotel ! ! ! 
my stay at the palmer house hilton was less than satisfactory . i would have expected much for from such a ' high end ' hotel . the rooms were way over priced , and the service was less than satisfactory . at one point , i left my dirty towels on the floor to be picked up , and when room service came through , they were still there ! on the other side of things , the cup i had left on my desk ( which i was planning to use later ) was gone . my coffee and my towels were also never replaced . i also was astounded that internet service did not come with the price of the room . rather , it was a ' nominal fee ' . after paying so much for a room , i had hoped to at least have complimentary wifi . my stay at the palmer house hilton left much to be wished for . i will not be staying there again . 
staff were friendly , room was well kept like a typical hyatt location . hotel is huge , with two buildings and over n rooms . good location , close to michigan ave and the subway . parking is n day . ouch ! i bid on it on priceline for n . 
my wife and i stayed here in the middle of february n . we took the ( el ) subway to the hotel from o ' hare . it was very convenient . the lobby was nice and the room was clean and comfortable . i ' ve stayed in many a hotel room , this bed was the most comfortable i ' ve ever slept in . the hotel is located in a great area and close to everything . walking distance to almost all the interesting sites chicago has . would definetly recommend this hotel to anyone visiting this great city . 
though grand and having a brand , this hotel seems to disappoint me on certain fronts . n . staff seemed snooty and arrogant . n . request for upgrade was fulfilled only after repetitive requests . the initial room was very small . n . for the cost paid i would expect a coffee maker , free internet service at the least which even regular b bs offer . n . they will levy charges on each and everything . complete rip off other things matched the grandeur . cleanliness and location was good , but the staff made my stay unpleasant . 
don ' t stay here ! my family and i stayed here for a weekend trip . the staff were rude and acted like we were bothering them . the rooms looked nice in photographs but when we got there our room looked like it hadn ' t been dusted in ages . overall bad service and not worth the money . 
booked this on priceline for an insanely low price of n a night . the bf and i were amazed when we got there--the person checking us in was friendly and helpful to suggest some local nightspots and the room was gorgeous ! a nice upscale , downtown feel and super comfy beds . we had a fabulous view from the nth floor that inlcluded a sliver of lake michigan , a sliver of the taste of chicago crowds , and some friendly office workers in the builiding next door who waved to us a few times . seriously . we had a pretty anonymous experience the rest of our stay--which was fine with us . the hotel consists mainly of n towers and is like a huge , sprawling city inside . but we weren ' t there to stay in the hotel room the entire time . . . we like to get out and explore as much as possible . the location was fantastic . easy walking distance to michigan avenue and the rest of downtown . we walked for blocks well into the night and never felt like we needed a cab . i also highly recommend the urban cruise on the river ( the entrance is right across from the hotel ) --we saw some amazing architecture from the boat and got to cruise lake michigan a bit too . don ' t park your car here if you don ' t need to--it ' s very expensive . park downtown or ditch the rental car--you won ' t need it anyway , you can walk to tons of stuff or grab a cab . love chicago and totally recommend this hotel ! 
the omni chicago hotel is not pretty as they advertise it . first of all , it really difficult to get there because its located in down town chicago and they fail to mention that the traffic is a nightmare . if you finally make to the hotel you have to wait like n minutes for the front desk to take care of you . when i arrived there was one person at the desk and a few people checking in , and i thought the wait time was ridiculous . to make matters worse , i need internet connection and the day i was there they had technical problems and the internet was not working in my room . two hours later they managed it get to work , the connection was still very slow . for my part , the hotel might look nice but services is did not meet my expectations . i was disappointed and will never stay there again , if i go back to chicago . if was rating it , i would give it n n star out of n . 
my stay at the hotel monaco recently was fantastic . we got a very reasonable price for our stay ( especially since we were a aaa member ) , and there was plenty of perks to utilize in-room spa treatments and an evening wine wine hour to name a few . another thing that the kids really enjoyed was that , upon request , the staff brought us a fish in its own fishbowl for our room . how cool is that ! the staff were all very helpful and friendly and our stay was very enjoyable . i would definitely recommend the hotel monaco to anyone in the downtown chicago area . 
if there is ever a hotel you should stay at it is the sheraton chicago hotel and towers . this is the most beautiful hotel i have ever seen . this hotel has more than you will ever need or want . you can pick from a room that is decorated in great taste . there is a in room refreshment center , high speed internet , n inch television , coffer maker with great coffee from starbucks . you could get a suite or the presidential suite with more room than you will ever need . the room is over n square feet . it over looks the chicago river . there is plenty of activities with a great fitness center and a big indoor heated pool . the sauna was just wonderful . if you want to sight see in the area you can walk to the navy pier , or art institute . when you come back hungry you can eat at the elegant steakhouse which had some of the best food we ever ate . have a few drinks at the great bar , then create your own burger at the chicago burger company . the staff was very friendly and super helpful . the hotel was the cleanest i have ever seen . i will come again and again . a big thumbs up to this great hotel . 
the sheraton chicago hotel and towers is a magnificent grand hotel . the size of the rooms , and the views of the city are phenomenal . at night the city lights up , and the sight is majestic . the hotel itself , and the employee ' s are wonderful , and well worth the pay to stay in such a place . this hotel has so much to offer , great dining , a fantastic gym set up for those of us , who really like to stay fit no matter what we are doing . my wife and i have just left recently , and we are already planning to stay there on our next trip out . big thumbs up to those who run that place , and helped us enjoy our stay . 
i recently had my wedding at the omni hotel in chicago and i was more than pleased . the decision to use a hotel as my wedding reception venue was at first a hard one , i was worried that a hotel would be too impersonal but once i met with the staff at the omni i was certain that it was the way to go . the staff was so attentive and friendly , and i felt as if my wedding was the most important thing at the hotel . i highly recommend the omni hotel in chicago , brides will not be dissapointed ! 
the omni chicago really delivers on all fronts , from the spaciousness of the rooms to the helpful staff to the prized location on michigan avenue . while this address in chicago requires a high level of quality , the omni delivers . check in for myself and a whole group of people with me was under n minutes , the staff had plentiful recommendations for dining and events , and the rooms are some of the largest you ' ll find at this price range in chicago . even the ' standard ' room has a separate living area and work desk . the fitness center has free weights , weight machines , and two rows of cardio equipment . i shared the room with n others and did not feel cramped in any way ! all in all , a great property ! 
as a frequent traveler to chicago , i generally stay at the sutton court , but thought i would try a different boutique hotel . i will never stay at this hotel again . the first room they brought me to -- their standard room -- was a glorified closet , leaving me absolutely claustrophobic ! actually the smallest hotel room i ' ve been in in the u . s ! i complained to the front desk , who then moved me to a ' premium ' room -- still quite small , but manageably so . the bathroom was tiny , without a vanity , making it difficult to put your toiletries in the room . the location leaves much to be desired , as my room looked out directly onto the el ( elevated subway - background noise ) , and the street was pretty deserted on a sunday evening . i will say that the free wi-fi was great . if you can find a chain or other hotel closer to michigan avene , i ' d highly recommend you take that . if you want a nice room in a great location , check out sutton place hotel instead . 
after staying at the james chicago last weekend i can honestly say i will be going for affordability on my next trip . the james chicago is terribly overpriced and the staff was very cold and disconnected . the chairs in the room looked like something out of ikea . i love chicago but this hotel is definitely not one of its better places to stay . i believe i would have been better off and happier staying at the holiday inn . you don ' t always get what you pay for . 
very beautiful hotel with a wonderful view . the dinning selection is one of the best i have seen in chicago . i have stayed many places downtown chicago and nothing matches this . i am a single mother with two children and the concept of having a day care facility on site is just not great for me but for my children as well . the shopping area has great selections right outside of the doors . the biggest thing that i have to say is that the customer service was great with everything that i needed . i give the hotel a n out of n . 
we have just returned from n nights at the conrad chicago , everthing about the hotel was excellent . wonderful room and service from all the staff was first class . great view from our room . the hotels location is great , right in the centre of the magnificent mile . a wonderful stay in an amazing city was made perfect by our stay at the conrad . 
i have recently stayed at the hyatt regency chicago hotel and although i have stayed there a variety of times before , for both business and pleasure , my experience this time was particularly poor . from right when i checked in to the day i left i felt like i was constantly around unfriendly people who didn ' t want to be at work their to do their jobs . my room was dirty the whole time even though the maid came every day , and when i was trying to sleep at night it was so loud in the hallways , i couldn ' t sleep . for my next visit to chicago i won ' t be staying at the hyatt regency . 
my family stayed at this hotel and walking into the lobby i expected a very good experience . once i made my way to the counter and was greeted ( not really ) i knew this may be a bad experience . the customer service person was rude and did not wait on me for a few minutes . once i got up to the room it looked like someone had just checked out . the high chair that we requested still had spots of food on it . the rest room had water on the counter and very little toilet paper . after we got settled we went down to the dining room for supper and was disappointed in the service and the food quality for the price we paid . luckily we only had to stay there one day . one day was almost too long . 
i don ' t know how this hotel ever got such high ratings from others . this hotel was for me over priced , fingerprints on the walls , stains in the bathroom , funky loud people in the hallway early in the morning , parking valet was time consuming , and same thing with the elevator . the back to the n ' s furniture is not for me , and what about the breakfast ? better to skip their protein-less stuff they had to offer . oh sure it is a hilton , woopee ! you pay for the privilege of sleeping there . saw a couple of bed bugs , but took a shower in the morning , and they seemed to wash away . i won ' t be back to hilton homewood suites again . i ' d rather stay somewhere outside the city to save money . think that i ' ll be happier as well . 
my expectations were not high because i booked this hotel through priceline for n night . an amazing deal if not for the fact that you had to wait n - n minutes for hot water . i called the front desk to tell them that there was no hot water - to which they nonchalantly replied ' try running it for n to n minutes . ' they forgot to tell me to keep the water running after my shower , if anyone else expected to use the shower . my boyfriend , who showered after me , had to wait another n minutes to get the shower warm again . to make matters worse , after room service was delivered , we called and said we needed another fork . they told us it would cost n ( n for the fork , n for delivey charge ) . absolutely ridiculous ! ! at least with a n star hotel , you get hot water . this is supposed to be a n star hotel . i guess you do get what you paid for - i just feel bad for the people who actually paid full price . 
my wife and i live in the western suburbs of chicago . for our anniversary , we booked a night at the fairmont based on recommendations from friends . while the staff of the hotel was quite friendly and helpful and the location ideal for a night out in the city , the accommodations themselves were not up to our expectations . for starters , we requested a non-smoking room which we did receive . however , the hallway leading up to our room had a distinctive smell of smoke which certainly was a turn off for both of us . while the room was certainly adequate , the bathroom light had a distinct flicker and there was no complementary shampoo included . while the latter may seem like a minor offense , it is not what one expects from hotel of such reported quality . finally , the cost of parking seemed to be somewhat inflated even for chicago ' s standards . in summary , the fairmont is a decent quality hotel but for the price , i am sure we could of done better . 
the downtown chicago hilton was the best combination of all the things we were looking for in a hotel- perfect location for both those of us who like shopping and those of us who prefer tourist attractions . staying with a hilton means the essentials are never a concern- as always , the room was clean and impeccably neat , the staff friendly and very capable . the wireless access and big flat screen tv were an added plus too ! best of all , it is a pet-friendly hotel , something that is unusual in bigger city n-diamond hotels . thanks , chicago hilton , for a great stay ! 
my fiance and i had taken a trip to chicago and wanted to stay someplace close to downtown , so he chose the amalfi hotel , located conveniently to everything we needed . this place was phenomenal ! ! ! he chose a romantic getaway package , as we were only in town for a few days and it was the best choice ever . the hotel is super clean and very chic the beds are so comfortable and the staff is superb . we were able to bring along our dog , which was also really important to us . the first day we were there , we had gone out during the day with our dog and came back to an in-room couple ' s massage . the masseuses come straight to your room so it ' s really relaxing and stress-relieving and they were great . after our massages , we went to the keefer steakhouse , which the hotel gave us a gift certificate for and the food was fantastic . they do also have a great continental breakfast and we did also eat at the rocket grill , which was nice as well . in all , our n nights there were pretty similar , we went out during the day and had a great time at the hotel while we were there i ' ve recommended this place to a few of my clients going to the windy city . 
your website wowed me enough to book online although i had never used your hotel . i had high expectations when visiting your hotel with my family on our recent trip to chicago and i was very disappointed . the first problem was that there was not enough staff at the desk . we had to wait a long time to get checked in . when we finally got to the room the beds were unmade and cleaning supplies were in the bathroom . the maid hadn ' t finished the room and she ' d left her stuff behind ! of course we called the desk right away and got a new room but it was a huge hassle . the next problem was the dog of the person across the hall and down one . we knew this was a pet friendly hotel but we envisioned well controlled , non barking pets . this animal barked repeatedly when my kids were trying to go to sleep . i called the desk twice and eventually the barking stopped . i think the dog just gave up because it didn ' t sound like the desk staff knew what to do . the crowning disaster , at least for my kids and husband , was that the remote control for the tv was dead . we managed to get that taken care of but it was just the icing on the cake . your hotel looks great but actually being there is not great . i cannot recommend it to anyone . 
we stayed at this hotel for n nights in august . we waited a while to check in even though there were quite a few desks open , this was a little annoying as the receptionists seemed to work in two ' s . our room had a great view of navy pier and was a good size . the bed was very comfortable and the room was spotlessly clean . the location of the hotel is the best , we walked to navy pier and michigan ave . the breakfast buffet was great although a little pricey and the bar very relaxing for a nightcap or two . would certainly recommend this hotel and would stay here again . 
the heating in our room didn ' t work and wasn ' t repaired depite numerous requests , the rooms were very small , the litter in the bin remained in the bin for the whole stay , the cleaner made the bed but nothing else , when we returned home my credit card statement showed that the hotel had charged me for the n night stay despite my having pre-paid through a travel agent , it took the hotel n months to re-credit my card without an apology or offer to pay for my numerous trans-atlantic phone calls to them . 
last weekend my wife and i decided to take a weekend trip to chicago . when looking for a hotel we weren ' t all that interested in price , but more of a relaxing getaway in the heart of downtown . i did some research and and came across the amalfi hotel chicago . what sparked my interest was it ' s location and the fact that they offer in room spa treatments . located in chicago ' s river north area , it is close to the magnificent mile so we can get all of our shopping done while staying relatively close to the hotel and also do some sightseeing along the chicago river on one of many chicago boat tours , both of which were fantastic ! after a long day out on the town we came back to the hotel to induldge in their in room spa treatments . my wife got the whole works ( facial , manicure and pedicure , and hot stone massage therapy ) , while i enjoyed a deep tissue massage to get rid of some of the pain from walking around all day ! for dinner we went downstairs and enjoyed a fabulous dinner at harry caray ' s italian steakhouse . best steak i ' ve ever had , hands down . when we were finished with dinner we just wanted to go back to our room and relax so we hopped into our comfortable king size bed , put in a movie with their in room dvd players and beautiful n inch hdtv ' s . for anyone looking for a nice relaxing getaway to the great city of chicago , i would recommend the amalfi hotel chicago to anyone . they offer anything you could ever want in a luxury hotel plus more . 
i stayed here for business and loved it . got it for n inc tax on priceline , an incredible deal for this hotel . if i wasn ' t on priceline i would expect to pay n per night ( maybe more ) for this location level of service . it ' s in the heart of downtown chicago , walkable to many locations . the lobby is very impressive , the room was very nice . no complaints at all , from check-in to check-out . i was alone so didn ' t go to the bar but it looked like people were really enjoying themselves . it was full of people all the time . i want to stay here when i come back with my husband for a fun weekend in the city . 
staying at the hard rock hotel is one of best bets you can ever make while traveling . i stayed at this one the last time i visited chicago and it was just wonderful . the rooms are amazing and the one i stayed in had a great view of the city . the beds were comfortable and everything was really clean and neat , the wi-fi was really fast and always available and i liked the fact that you could get a guitar at the front desk and jam in your own room with a pair of headphones . i didn ' t have the chance to use the spa , but i could tell it was really nice and relaxing . i did go to the base bar a couple times for a drink , very cool atmosphere and great drinks to choose from . the rock shop was pretty cool too and i bought a bunch of shirts to bring back home to family and friends . overall i think this is one of the coolest hotels you could stay in , the experience is definitely different than any other hotel i ' ve stayed in . 
well located and well staffed . the amalfi was a clean and comfortable place to stay . it lacks a restaurant or bar but many are near by . free continental breakfast and evening cocktail . 
i ' m a frequent business traveler and often in chicago on trips . at times , it ' s very difficult to even find a hotel in downtown chicago , and this was one of those times . i recently had to pay almost n for one night at the allegro . it was absolutely not worth it . the hotel was filled to capacity with conventioneers , so check-in and check-out were very slow . there were very few elevators , which were worked beyond capacity with all the guests . the morning i checked out , our elevator stopped at every single floor from the nth floor down to the lobby , but the elevator was almost completely full when i got on at the nth floor , so i can only imagine how long it must have taken other guests to get downstairs . the room was extremely small and cramped , even though it had obviously been renovated recently . the tv , bed , and decor were all new and were the high points of the hotel . still , the rate was way overpriced for such a small room . the best thing about the allegro was the room service , which was prompt . the food was good , and the prices were very reasonable for room service . from now on , if my regular hotels are booked , i ' ll just take a cab farther out from the city because it just isn ' t worth it . 
we booked n rooms for n nights on hotwire over labor day weekend . we arrived at the hard rock at around n n a . m . , and they were able to give us our rooms early . hooray ! we were on the nth floor ( beatles theme ) . the rooms were very comfortable . one of our rooms was on a corner , and had lots of windows . the other was was a bit larger with fewer windows . not a great view from our side of the hotel , but we didn ' t pay for a room with a view . the beds and pillows were extremely comfortable , the bathroom was full of aveda products , and there was a bathrobe in the closet . the tv dvd stereo combo was nice , but we weren ' t in the room a lot to use it . we were warned by the front desk not to even touch the snacks drinks as they were weighted and we ' d be charged . no problems there . we did not make use of the free fitness center , because the weather was perfect . my husband was able to go for a run through grant park along the waterfront instead . he said it was wonderful . we did use the free internet in our rooms . it was ' wired ' internet , but my stepdad said that was better for him anyway . the room was a bit dim at night , but we were able to read just fine using the bedside lamps . there was virtually no hall elevator noise . the location of the hard rock is ideal . it is easy to get breakfast at the corner bakery , just blocks to either grant park , the art institute , state street shopping , or michigan ave . to sum up , there was absolutely nothing to complain about . we would be glad to stay here again any time . 
i can see how this place must have been gorgeous at one time but they really need a makeover . n . there was a huge gaping hole in the carpet on the bedroom floor . i kid you not . how can they have guests in a room where the carpet looks like it had been mauled by a giant earthworm ? n . the furniture was severely chipped . ok . i dont mind chipped furniture if i am slumming it in my just-out-of-college-sister ' s apartment . but for n a night , i want a room that does not look like it was furnished with stuff retrieved from a dumpster drive n . the receptionist while i was checking in was super curt . i know it was late but isnt that sort of your job ? not everything was horribly bad though . the one star is for the bathroom that was super clean . i do not recommend this place at all . 
hotel is placed in downtown chicago what makes it really loud , it is hard to sleep during the night because all the ' city ' noises coming from the outside . the rooms in reality are also smaller than they look at at the pictures . i stayed in this hotel for weekend trip with my husband , and we supposed to get room with king size bad , but instead we got , two single beds . the stuff isn ' t really very nice either , they seems like they make you a favor just by talking to you . 
this hotel was not at all what i expected it would be . the website and it ' s pictures portray the hotel in a much better condition than it is actually in . the amenities were not what i was looking for , and the price of the hotel was not a good value for what was offered there . my aaa membership did not get me a very good discount like it does at most hotels . the staff was not very friendly or helpful when i had questions about the area , and they were not very prompt when responding to requests . i understand that there were a lot of guests staying there while i was there , but they need to have more staff on hand if they cannot provide their hotel guests with quality service . i don ' t think i will be staying at this hotel again anytime soon . 
terrible time at the talbott . when i planned my vacation to chicago i called ahead and made reservations to stay here . when i went to check in i was told i didn ' t have a reservation , knowing my credit card was charged i argued with the guy who was working . finally the only option he gave me was to speak with someone else . thankfully they knew how to use the computer . i go up to my room and there was a terrible smell of beer and feet . i could not believe it when i complained , i was told to spray some air freshener . i had to go visit family . when i got back my room key did not work . once again there i was complaining to the helpless employee . he told me the magnetic strip must of came in contact with a magnet . i could not believe the mentality of this guy . i had one more night reserved , i could not take it anymore and i went and spent the rest of my vacation at my aunts house . i would not recommend the talbott to anyone . 
over-hyped and over-priced . the fact that they have a complimentary wine reception every night at n doesnt take away from the fact that they have terrible beds and the place isnt as clean as it should be for a n star hotel . the hallways smelled like a dog parlor and the carpets in my room look like they hadn ' t been cleaned . . . well , ever . the decorative pillows on my bed were so filthy they were actually stained brown and looked like they had been sitting outside for everyone to use and then put back on my bed . the decor of the hotel was nice and eclectic but it wasnt enough to convince me to ever stay here again . the bed was the most uncomfortable thing i have every tried to sleep on . i couldnt sleep the whole week that i stayed there . it was hard and lumpy and the pillows were tiny . my final say is that it is an over priced holiday inn . . . . . 
how should i start ? well , after staying at the ambassador east hotel , i realized it was my favorite hotel ever . the rooms are amazing . the food is great . the pump room bar is awesome . i love this hotel . if your ever in chicago , the ambassador east hotel is the place to go . 
don ' t ever stay at this hotel ! , conrad chicago is the worst hotel you can imagine . first of all , the price ! you not get what you pay for . i paid n . n one night for a room that did not even had a tv ! ! that ' s ridiculous ! the bathroom did not work , and it was nasty ! the bed sheets seemed like used , as if some people slept there and they smelled bad ! after my experience with conrad chicago , i will please ask you to reconsider getting a room in this hotel . you get better service and accommodations even in a n star motel ! 
the hyatt regency hotel in chicago was the worst hotel i ever went to ! i booked a non-smoking room online , and they went ahead and gave me a room that smoking was allowed . after going in my room , i smelled heavy smoke smell . it was really bad . i called the front desk about the issue , and they said they had nothing like that on record and refused to exchange rooms for me ! there was also blood stains on my bed sheets . the carpet was also dirty . i would never book at that hyatt again ! 
having stayed at the excellent affinia chain in ny , i had very high expectations . when i saw the trip advisor rating , i immediately booked . what a huge disappointment -- the quality simmons pillow top mattress is covered with very cheap , foam pillows -- the kind they sell in the store for n . you cannot sleep on these -- the windows are so thin , you can hear the buzzing from walk don ' t walk sign on superior below . -- the walls are so thin that when my neighbor smoked , i was awaken around midnight , my room engulfed in smoke odor . a call downstairs yielded no results -- there are nice furnishings but many are chipped showing bare wood the desk chair was full of loose threads -- the water flow is very weak , but the towels are nice -- there are unpainted floorboards , the kind you find in day ' s inn -- they charge for internet service the tiny lobby has materials and pictures of what the hotel will eventually look like . the sign outside is also a banner . having stayed all over the u . s . , you are better off at red roof -- this is really an embarassment for the affinia chain . wait until they complete the renovations in n . i did supply this feedback at my checkout and the front desk apologized by shaking my hand . good heart , but the problems are not fixable . 
the intercontinental hotel is truly a hidden treasure . nestled deep in sky scraping steel epicenter of downtown chicago , the hotel is a taste of both modern day luxury and old time charm . from the tiled indoor pool surrounded by high romanesque arching ceilings to the rich mahogany furniture and lace curtains in the suites , the intercontinental was built to satisfy the taste of even the most hardened traveler . book well in advance as it is one of the most sought after retreats in all of chicago . 
warning food poisoning alert ! ! ! the room was dirty , the shower had mold and the handle in the shower my daughter cracked her head open on . the elevators were absolutly terrible they made me dizzy every time i went on it . they hade pasta night and they put out a bowl of noodles and sauce and i couple of rolls well you get what you pay for . what was worse is the sauce must of had bad meat in it because my family got so sick . the one thing that was nice was the location which was right by michigan avenue . the second night we left and went to another hotel which was n bucks cheaper and n times nicer . do not stay here 
 if you are traveling to chicago and need a place to stay , i highly recommend the hotel allegro chicago . it was visiting time visiting chicago for the first time on a business trip and a friend referred me to the hotel allegro . he said they were pet friendly , which was a huge plus . this is because i hate leaving my kitten muffin with a pet sitter every time i travel for business . upon my arrival , i was met with friendly valet who treated me like i was the only customer who mattered . i walked in and saw a hotel like no other i have seen before or after . the lobby was decorated with modern furniture and paintings and looked like a place i could relax in . after i had entered and checked in , i saw the staircase , which looked like a testament to the staircase in the ' titanic ' . frankly , i was amazed and i had not even entered my room yet . my room was a queen deluxe room and it was amazing . the bed had a blue headboard , which i have never seen before , and the colors worked together so well i seriously contemplated living there . the room service was exceptional and promptly brought the food i ordered . later i wanted to get a drink and i enjoyed it at the bar n , which is conveniently located adjacent to the hotel . these are the specifics of my stay , but there is much more to be experienced that i did not mention if you visit the hotel allegro . in summary , they allow pets , the service is amazing , the decoration superb , and it is conveniently situated next to dining establishments . what more could a person ask for ? 
stayed at this hotel for labor day weekend and it was pretty awful . the staff were relatively friendly , but that ' s where the positive aspects stop . bed was rock hard and very uncomfortable . thermostat didn ' t work properly and the air conditioner was always n degrees warmer or colder than what you wanted . even though i think n for n day of internet is ridiculous , i bought it because i needed to download a powerpoint for work and send off a few emails . it was ungodly slow and barely better than dialup . i ended up finding a starbucks to use their wifi so i could actually get something done . minibar was overpriced , as expected . awful experience , definitely wouldn ' t stay here again . 
do not stay at this hotel ! a friend and i booked a n-night stay one weekend when we were visiting a friend in chicago . though it was a bit pricy , we decided on the knickerbocker because it was in a great location , and the rooms looked large and well-kept . our flight was delayed so we arrived a few hours after the designated check in time . however , despite calling the hotel in advance to notify them of our delay , when we arrived they gave us a hard time and we had to wait an hour until we were allowed up to our room . the concierge and manager were both extremely rude to us , and made it seem like we were a huge inconvenience to them by arriving so late . to top it off , the maid service was terrible . the only thing they seemed to do was make the bed no vacuuming , no fresh towels , etc . we didn ' t want to stay the third night , but were forced to in order to avoid a ridiculous cancellation fee . this hotel is way too much money for the services they provide , you ' d be better off staying in a motel n . 
our stay at the hilton chicago was a pleasure from arrival to departure . the staff was super friendly and helpful , the room was very clean and the location was fantastic . the walking track was an especially nice touch . highly recommended ! 
this hotel was an absolute dream to stay in . i couldn ' t have picked a better hotel to spend in such luxury . i enjoyed the set up of the rooms and the space they offered . the room decor was extremely elegant and the location was great as well . i honestly felt like i was at a spa ! the price was very reasonable as well . i would definetly recommend this hotel to everyone i know . if you ever get a chance to spend a night here definetly choose the suite rooms ! ! ! 
my husband and i stayed here for new years eve weekend . this is an excellent hotel in an excellent location . hotel is very tastefully decorated and warmly welcoming . the rooms had the best electronics i ' ve ever seen . loved that they had a soaking tub and a spacious shower stall . the hotel restaurant seemed to be empty everytime we walked by , so we avoided it too . ate at joe ' s across the street - excellent seafood . and you can shop til you drop without going outside ! nordstroms and four story mall is attached . lots of good ' food on the run ' places in there . loved chicago - loved the conrad . i will go back ! 
when i had to visit chicago for business i asked some of my associates where to stay and several of them recommended the hotel allegro . after my stay i can honestly say that i agree . from the luxurious bedding to the technological amenities , everything was thought of . the only place i find more comfortable then this hotel is my actual home . i now know where i will be staying every time i have business in this city , and anyone i know who is doing the same will hear so . 
in a very nice location close to shopping and places to eat and also in a beautiful neighborhood . a small hotel with a pleasant place to sit in the lobby , the pump room is a classic place to have a drink . we did not have dinner there so i can not comment but we enjoyed people watching while we had an afternoon drink looking out the window at the people in the neighborhood . it is a short walk to very good shopping and eating . 
i would like to add a comment , maybe this will help others when choosing for a wedding destination . my daughter was married in may of n and we decided to have the special event at the sofitel water tower we were amazed . she always wanted a ballroom type of wedding , and sofitel made this happen for her . they took care of all the invitations , cake decor , and so much more . the special day for my daughter was worth everything . if you are going to be in the chicago area , check them out you will not regret it ! 
just putting in a good word for the hard rock hotel in chicago . the reviews i read before going were mixed so we were not sure what to expect . the location was perfect . the hotel was beautiful . our view was awesome . the room was large enough and very clean . the bed was very comfy . the staff were helpful - especially the concierge , jared . i couldn ' t find anything negative to say . if you want to stay in downtown chicago - you can ' t go wrong with this cool hotel . 
october nrd , n my wife and i stayed at the sofitel toward the end of september n . the hotel is very modern . the room was immaculate , but the furiture looked as though it came from ikea . it was chipped in many places . the light switches were difficult to find , and the hvac made noise . however , the bed was wonderful . the bathroom was large and well maintained . housekeeping brought us as many towels as we wanted . the restaurant was small . you can eat for less at a n hour restaurant around the corner called tempo . if you want a truly great breakfast try the peninsula hotel . however , after dining there you might not want to return to the sofitel . prior to checking in we had paid for everything in full . when we checked in , we were asked to leave a credit card for incidentals . upon returning home , we discovered that although the credit card had not been used the sofitel had an authorization placed on it . this reduced the line of credit , and it took several days to be removed from the card . great location ! reasonable value . if you have a privilege card they allow you to check out at npm as opposed to n in the afternoon . 
booked via priceline . com for a weekend getaway and got the room for n per night . when we arrived via midway we took the orange line to within a block of the hotel for just n . hotel easy to find . never felt uncomfortable with the neighborhood area . saw very few homeless or panhandlers . walked all over the place . great location and hotel is about a n- n cab ride from most major attractions shopping restaurants . hotel is almost gawdy with colors decor , but it ' s not that different from a cruise ship decor . it was not annoying decor by any means . check in was painless and the service was great ! heard no noise whatsoever . . . the reports of ' thin walls ' are greatly exaggerated . the walls are all concrete and thick . . . we heard nothing both nights we were there ! highly recommend this hotel ! rooms are small but not crowded for two people . . . they are old style hotel rooms . . very classic 
hyatt regency chicago seemed like a nice place to stay , but we didn ' t like it very much . the renovations were cheap and poorly done ( our bathroom faucet was leaky and the carpet had bumps in it . ) the staff was rude ! i was trying to find a good cab service , and the guy behind the front desk made me wait for n minutes while he was finishing a phone call ! couldn ' t he have at least called someone else to help me ? the ' babies travel lite ' gave us the wrong sized diapers , so we had to go find some anyway , and with the hotel being located in the heart of the city that meant we found some unsavory characters along the way . 
my daughter and i woke in the morning wanting to go swimming . when we arrived at the pool the water was covered by a white scum . i then attempted to use both of the phones at the pool , one white phone and one emergency red phone , to call the desk . both were out of service ! ! ! ! i am glad there wasn ' t an emergency . as we were exited the pool area i ran into a hotel employee and told her about the problems and then asked her to call us when the pool was clean . . . . never heard back . 
stayed at the intercontinental for an entire week on business and for the most part a very elegant , convenient visit . stayed in the historic tower . very nice rooms , great view , attentive staff , convenient location just north of the tribune tower the river , and nice fitness club at n for the entire stay . the only downside is i couldn ' t get over the feeling that i was being nickle dimed n a day for wi-fi , n bottles of water in the room , n mini-bottle of wine in the fridge , tipping multiple staff for carrying the same bags , etc . their in-house restaurant zest is zagat rated though i ' m not sure why . within a n minute walk there are plenty of great restaurants with much better food than zest . but , next time i need to be near the loop i ' d stay at the intercontinental again . 
we loved the talbott . the location was fabulous . . . very close to the shopping . the hotel is smaller , but the rooms are very nice . they are very spacious and are able to be darkened to sleep well . also , the beds are some of the most comfortable i have ever slept in . i might also add that our room at queen beds . the staff is all friendly and puts them themselves out for you . the hotel has a cute outdoor eating area on the sidewalk that has flowers , etc . it looks like a scene out of europe . i would highly recommend the hotel . we were there with our daughters ages n and n . 
this is a tough one to review . . . as the star ratings were from n star to n and had to figure out an average . . . . n is where it was . here are my tips and props complaints room n star . i had a corner suite . the room was pretty nasty actually ( n . . stay away from it ! ! ! ) . there was a constant banging noise from above . when i first got in i thought it was the person above me bumping and grinding . after an hour , i knew even if it was someone high on speed and redbull would not be going that strong . well , the sound continued on for n days . not that i minded too much as i keep things on for white noise . . . but it sure would bug others . also , there were about n cig burns on the carpet and sofa . in addition , it looked like someone left the iron on the sofa . also , there is a gray furry pillow on the bed that looks like a big dead rat . i could not imagine all the dna left on that thing either . gags bathroom nice size but not great . the faucet was lose ( really lose ) and the toilet would not flush right . service great . everyone i encountered did a great job making me feel welcome . good stuff . food i had meetings there , so experienced the breakfast and lunch they made . it was really good . . . much better than most hotels . bar very cool . good music , great service and good drinks . the scene was decent as well . small bar , but was not cramped . so , maybe other rooms are nicer . . . well hell they better be . regardless , if one room is like that ( especially a ' suite ' ) , i have to think others are like that as well . it is too bad though . the views are great and they actually have windows that open . . . big shocker for the city in general ! 
named my price on priceline . n . n bucks . hotel room was great . clean , clean and new . fresh crisp sheets , comfortable bed , flat screen tv , clean carpet , nice bath , etc . short distance to food and sightseeing . i highly recommend this property . be prepared to pay over n . n per night to park . hey , its a hyatt . they also charge n . n for a bottle of water that is normally a buck . for a total of n . n nightly stay in chicago this place is it just don ' t drink the bottled water . happy travels 
this hotel is fantastic . i stayed there on my way through chicago towards arizona , and could not believe the great quality of the hotel . i ' d have thought i was in a vegas suite . really polite staff , great housekeeping , and amazing prices . on my way out , i was telling the manager about how much i ' d loved the hotel , and he even offered me an extra night there ! you can safely say that my trip was delayed roughly n hours . 
my wife and i stayed at the affinia chicago last week ( in a studio suite , which was not worth the extra payment ) . it was an absolute nightmare ! to begin with , the room is listed as ' oversized ' , when it ' s nothing of the sort . we ' ve previously stayed in the hotel and the regular guest room is only about n square feet smaller . i believe the only extra space was in the closet , which isn ' t very useful unless you plan on living there ! we had our two sons with us , so we had to make extra sleeping space . our oldest son slept on the couch and woke up multiple times in the time , complaining of bugs moving around . he must have been umcomfortable also , as i sat on the couch during the day and it was like a rock . the room service is horrible , they took n minutes to deliver a pillow for my wife around npm , and she had to wait up for that . my family would never go back to this hotel , and i highly recommend you also stay well away . 
this hotel had a great location , but you can do much better for the money . the hallways smelled of smoke , dirty elevators , furniture in the lobby was thread bare . the staff was very helpful . the room was large , bed comfortable but the room was so musty and old smoke lingered . if you have any allergies don ' t stay here ! 
stayed at the sofitel chicago water tower for n nights in early april n . very convenient location just a block from all of the shopping on the golden mile . good restaurant at the hotel serving a la carte breakfast different from the usual fare and with a nice french twist . dinner at the restaurant was also good . prices are reasonable . room is comfortable , only problem was with a card access door lock that usually required several swipes before opening . excellent service from the bellmen to the concierge and front desk staff . would definitely stay here again if visiting chicago . concierge recommended a small van tour , which was excellent . however early april is too early to visit chicago as popular activities such as the boat tour of the architecture of chicago was not operating yet . 
my family and i stayed at the hyatt on wacker dr . on march n , n . we were excited about the great price we got for your n-star hotel through priceline . unfortunately , we were not impressed . in the past , we have stayed at the hyatt in downtown san diego for spring break on the marina , but chose to stay closer to home this year . the room was not clean to our standards when we arrived , even though we paid for an upgrade . we asked for it to be cleaned while we were sight seeing and were assured it would be looked after . upon our return , nothing had been moved in the room to re-clean including the tea my sons had made prior to our excursion so i can only assume , it wasn ' t even checked as promised . we only had n towels for the n of us and had to call for more . they were promptly delivered but room service took n minutes to deliver us a knife and corkscrew we essentially paid for because we felt compelled to tip even though we had to call and ask for it twice ! the curtains were dirty and frayed by the vacuuming , the bed skirt had a foreign stain on it , the honor bar fridge was gouged and dirty , too ! the mirror was dirty and the beds appeared to have been jumped on - not neat and tidy at all . . . . there were boxes of trash in the hall and an old refrigerator or two as well . very disappointing to say the least . i have buyer ' s remorse and wish we had just taken the train home and stayed in our own beds ! we were compensated for our upgrade - n . n but given the price of parking , taxes , and etc . at this point i wouldn ' t recommend this hyatt to anyone . my husband travels and uses his hyatt business travel points quite often and also expected better from your n-star hotel . i felt compelled to let you know how unhappy we were with your facility . 
i got married in the chicago area this passed weeknd and my guests all stayed at the ambassador east hotel . they had nothing but nice things to say about it ! my husbands mother is terribly picky about where she stays and this hotel met her needs . the rooms are decorated so nicely and they don ' t have that funny hotel smell . the pump room was a fun place for the men to hang and watch sports . if i ' m ever in the area again i will be sure to book a room at the ambassador east hotel ! 
i reserved the ' rock star ' suite for my boyfriend ' s birthday months and months in advanced . when we arrived at the hotel monaco , they told us that they doubled booked the room . this was after many emails to the hotel inquiring about the room and if it was available . they tried to make up for it by providing us with a room with a wonderful view of the river and giving us a ten dollar gift certificate to their resturant - which we didn ' t even use . i felt we were taken advantage of because we were young . the doorman didn ' t make us feel any better when he told us that it wasn ' t the first time they did this for the ' rock star ' suite . however , the conceirge was incredible with providing us with a bottle of champagne for his birthday and delivered the birthday cake i ordered . if it wasn ' t for the room confusion - it would have been a wonderful stay . 
staying at this hotel was one of the high points of a last minute , budget valentines weekend trip for my husband and me . we got a great rate -- n -- on priceline . close to the subway ( red line ) and we got from o ' hare to the hotel in less than an hour for n . n for both of us . we were able to check in more than n hours early . room was great -- very clean , good closet space and fantastic bedding . had one expensive drink at the irish bar , but the bartender ' s advice on restaurants and clubs to check out made it worth the price . concierge was helpful , too . overall , service was terrific , room was great and staying there was a treat . i would stay there again any time , especially at that price . 
my husband and i wanted to spend the weekend in chicago to celebrate our anniversary , and i had been looking at the james for awhile because it was attached to david burke ' s primehouse . from the moment i called to make my reservation , i knew this hotel understood what customer service means to a consumer and a picky one at that . from the pre-arrival dossier , to the special sweets from the staff to kick off our anniversary weekend and a hand written note thanking us for staying at the james , this staff is well versed in the long lost art of customer service . the rooms were well appointed and the beds comfy and warm on a cool weekend . the walking distance to michigan av is a huge plus . from the front desk to the cleaning staff , the staff here is top notch ! and david burke ' s primehouse is not to be missed ! 
will start by saying the employees were wonderful , especially in the restaurant bar employees , could not have been nicer . . . . . what appeared to be the hotel manager went above and beyond . . . . unfortunately , that ' s where it ends ! the rooms , in my opinion , appeared different then pictures and were worn and ratty . . . you know , uninviting sofa and crappy coffee table and desk area . . . the first room i was given had bright construction lights shining in my room and men working on the next building that were looking directly into my window ! ! i kid you not they seemed as if they were about n-n ft from my window ! ! and this was after i specifically had asked for a room that might have a decent view . . i was then switched to a room that had virtually no light and was truly , again . . . just worn out ! ! ! not a n star hotel , this seemed to be closer to a n , perhaps being extremely kind n star . . . i travel on business so i know the difference . . . i merely touched the cabinet door on the bar unit and it literally fell off in my hand ! i complained to a very nice woman from housekeeping and to her credit , she made sure the door was fixed asap . they gave me a bottle of wine to compensate . . which i utilized to dull my senses as to my surroundings for the next n days . . . . i wanted to give omni a shot . . . big mistake . . . unfortunately , brought a friend with me to show her how great chicago was and i was soooo embarrassed , as i had chosen the hotel . . . she was extremely disappointed as well . . . should have gone with my first instinct which was the conrad ! ! lesson learned ! 
i just spent a week at the millennium knickerbocker hotel and it was a very plesant stay . when i first walked into the room it was very clean . the bathroom was a decent size and the decorum was pleasant . room service was very good . the view was amazing and i would recomend staying there . 
we traveled to chicago to visit with our daughter who lives in the city . to our suprise what once was a lovely older hotel is now under major renovations . gone is the lobby and gusts are required to walk down to the basement to get the one . . . elevator that is working to the second floor to register . our first room was recently renovated . . . . . stark white walls , no amenities at all . guests had to enter the room and find their way to the bed to turn on the light to the room . modern furniture includes a bed that is close to the groud , a cold blck slab functioning a a desh and metal chair . no fride , coffee maker , iron , or even a picture on the stark white walls . we asked to change our room and then were put in one of the older suites on the nth floor . while this room was attractive , we were greeted to jack hammers at n every morning . the staff were all very nice but the accommodations were lacking . lake shore drive 
my husband and i came to the ambassador east hotel for my sister ' s wedding . the hotel had been very helpful and professional in helping us coordinate a wedding with over n guests . when we arrived we were impressed by how organized they were , helping us check and get our guests situated . they were even nice enough to let us leave guest gift bags in each of our guest ' s rooms . our rooms were clean and beautifully appointed , with a view of the city . we held the rehearsal dinner groomsman party in the pump room which has a gorgeous bar complete with celebrity photos on the wall . after my sister was married in a church downtown , we held the reception in the large banquet hall . again the hotel was great about shuttling all of our guests and helping us arrange dinner , the dj and all of the wedding ' s decorations . we had a great time . ambassador east hotel is highly recommended ! 
the affinia manhattan is fantastic ! my husband and i stayed there when we went to visit my sister . i loved the room . it was one of the best hotel beds we have ever slept in . the view was incredible . manhattan is one of the most beautiful places i have ever been . the staff was very helpful as well . they had no problem going out of their way to be helpful . i would suggest this hotel to anybody ! 
my wife and i were very much looking forward to our stay at the hotel allegro in chicago . we had been looking forward to a romantic getaway . i have to say hotel allegro was a disappointment for both of us . this is a pet friendly hotel - we knew that going in . but we were shocked by the fact that we found pet hair around the room we were given . in the carpet and even an amount on the bed cover . very shocking for the price we were paying . when we called the front desk it took over an hour for someone from housekeeping to stop by . past this - the room itself - it has flair i guess , but i can ' t imagine it is the right flair for many . the colorings used a bright blue on the bed and a muted yellow , designy wallpaper . neither myself or my wife found it relaxing at all . i can ' t imagine many would . it really was off-putting . overall , the experience was a check minus in my book . will not be looking to return any time soon . 
swisses chicago nice , but lacking in some pretty basic expectations in our modern era in a great spot along the chicago waterfront . a spacious room is a comfortable respite from the city , but don ' t plug in your computer or hope for a free donut in the morning . no free wifi here , or affordable breakfast , or a free swim in the pool . just a ten-dollar-a-night charge for internet , an on average n plate for breakfast , and another n bucks a night for the ' fitness center . ' i ' ve stayed in small town no star motels where wifi is free as part of a n dollar room . get with it - this is n ! no free breakfast is not so bad as you probably ate too much for dinner and don ' t need it anyway , but for those of us who aren ' t charging everything to the company card some basics would be appreciated . coffee , milk , oj stale donuts , , muffins , maybe some cereal . throw us a little something besides fruit flavored water in the lobby . with regards to swimming , this is another one wrapped up in a fitness center fee but the pool is only open till n pm plan accordingly . this all makes the n fiji bottled water in the room seem like a bargain . summation drop the fees , the nickel dimming of folks , and just charge what you need to charge to compliment what is otherwise a nice hotel . 
i would not reccomend staying at the hard rock hotel chicago if you want a good deal and a good nights sleep . i stayed at the hard rock hotel chicago for two nights this past july . i had a select king city view room . the room was dark , with ugly black carpets and the view was of another building right next door - not a great view . i was on an upper level floor and the elevators were incredibly slow . the hotel was pretty loud and the people in the room next to mine were up partying all night long , so it was very hard to get to sleep on my first night there . when i called to complain at the front desk they promised to do something about it but never did . i ended up having to call two more times before the management did something about the room next door . they quieted down for about an hour , but then were loud again for the rest of the night . the hotel was expensive , and for the price there weren ' t very many special amenities . there was no continental breakfast and the wifi was not included -- you had to sign up for a day of service at n a day . overall i would not recommend staying at the hard rock hotel chicago , as it is way overpriced for what you get . 
just returned to seattle after a visit home to chicago and i loved the james ! ! ! recently stayed at the ritz at water tower and the dana around the corner--both of which were great but the james was perfect . secured the room through a package w american express for a great deal so though the view wasn ' t great the space , decor and location can ' t be beat . staff was friendly , courteous and very helpful , the gym was substantial and though i didn ' t try the restaurants room service , the menus looked yummy . i ' ve stayed in chgo in that area on avg n-ns mo over the past three years and the james is at the top my list now . if you can get a good deal , i highly recommend ! ! 
i was in town to visit my cousin an stayed for three nights at this wonderful hotel . its so close to the shopping i wanted to do with my cousin , granted i had a personal guide a . k . a . my cousin janice . the amenities were unbelieveable an the service was great with the upmost hospitality . would recomend to everyone great for kids an adults . the room and view were spectacular , the beds were very comfy and the room was emaculate . 
this hotel does not live up to the reviews . the room was larger than i expected . however , the decor was a bit dated . the bedding was ripped , carpet was stained , and the shower door was broken . there was a long wait to the elevators , and if you ' re on floors n-n you need to take a second elevator to get to the roof bar and gym . the main issue i had was the attitude i received from the staff . there was literally only one nice person at the front desk . there are no ice machines in this building , so you have to request it from the front desk . one day i requested it by going down to the desk and asking in person . n minutes later i made a follow up call because i did not receive my ice . i was nastily told that ice takes n minutes and i should just wait . i finally got the ice n minutes later . two days later i requested ice again . waited n minutes and just gave up . while i was leaving , i mentioned this to the woman at the front desk and she just said ' i didn ' t get a call for ice . ' well i obviously wasn ' t making it up , lady ! i called and spoke with someone . she didn ' t even apologize or offer me anything . overall , i would not recommend this hotel . there are so many hotels in the chicago area . choose a different one . 
i was very disappointed with this hotel . i have stayed in other swissotels and enjoyed them very much , but the service can only be described as aloof . there was no warmth during the prolonged checkin procedure , and the woman repeatedly asked me to provide information i had given her minutes ago . precise , indeed . room service took forever to pick up ( good sign in a way busy because they are good ) , but the food arrived very late and very cold . the man tried to replace it , but than took another hour , and i was never given a price reduction , free dessert , or anything to apologize . as for cleanliness , they must be next to godly , as they knocked on my door at n , despite the fact i had a doorknocker requesting no service ( i ' m a late sleeper . ) very disappointed with my stay . this hotel clearly did not help build the chain ' s reputation . 
the james hotel met and exceeded our expectations . a haven of cool , uncluttered comfort in a hot , crowded but congenial city . located within steps of some of the greatest art , architecture , culinary and cultural opportunities anywhere in north america , the staff of the james provided us with a home away from home for the week we visited . the check-in was quick and flawless and the king suite a calm , restorative oasis . it is difficult to over-praise the friendly , attentive staff this is a hotel that truly has its act together ! the day before our visit ended , we experienced problems with the room ' s air conditioner . when the technician was unable to quickly solve the problem , we were immediately upgraded to a one-bedroom apartment with stunning views of the chicago skyline . we eagerly await the opening of new james hotels in other cities . 
last month , my husband and i stayed at the intercontinental chicago while we were in town for imts . although they were very busy , the service was excellent and very professional . the staff were always smiling and happy to help . intercontinental was conveniently located near michigan avenue , and the best stores and restaurants in town . the view from our room was great ! our room was always clean when we arrived home at night , it was decorated nicely , and the beds were extremely comfortable ! we ate at the hotel ' s restaurant zest , and the food was great ! it was by far one of the best hotels we have visited in a while . we will definitely be back ! 
we stayed at the palmer house hilton in early december , we stay there that weekend every december and we think it is the best location in the city for us . we like state street better than michigan avenue and the palmer house is right there . we stayed in the towers , in a room with two double beds and n baths . the room was not huge , but very comfortable . the towers area was recently refurbished and it shows , the lobby is beautiful with plasma screen tvs on the walls , comfortable chairs and tables and a seperate room for the food drinks . there is a continental breakfast in the morning , appetizers during cocktail hour and cookies are laid out until the room closes . there is a fridge stocked with soft drinks , water and juice that are yours for the taking . we were very pleased with the upgraded towers , everyone should check it out ! 
very nice hotel , better than expected . the hot breakfast is great in the morning , but the dinner at night goes above and beyond ( even free wine ! ) the rooms are pretty good size , well furnished , and clean . i liked the view from my room . i used the fitness center and although did not have everything i would have liked , was adequate . i will say the pool is really nice and offers a pretty sweet view . the staff was friendly and helpful being my first time in chicago they were able to point me in the right direction and saved me some frustration . i would definitely recommend this hotel . 
this hotel is ok but is not the best for the money . first of all the parking prices are exorbitant . i know parking is at a premium for this location but the price is much too high . also , the service at this hotel was poor . i felt like room service took too long and considering the price the service was poor in general , and the staff at the palmer house seemed more interested in helping the richer or more known customers more than us . in addition i feel that there were too many fees including a fee for internet . also the rooms were very clean and beds very nice but there was some noise and you could hear the people walking above you . i would say it was an average experience at this hotel and considering the price maybe think twice about the palmer house . 
our stay at the ambassador east hotel was extremely relaxing and pleasant . we enjoyed the location . we could easily walk to the red line or access the bus lines along michigan avenue . we felt safe walking along the neighborhood streets and viewing the fabulous architecture that is on n . state street and dearborn . we walked to nrd coast cafe , the chicago history museum , and second city from our hotel . our room was spacious and well-kept , and it was quiet enough for us to take a nap during the afternoon before heading out again in the evening . we would choose to stay there again even if we could afford more expensive locations downtown . we definitely enjoyed the neighborhood feel of the place . 
overall i had a very bad experience when hosting a meeting for company , but when my parents came in from out of town and wanted to stay at the swissotel , i thought we should give them another try . turns out my first impression was correct , this is the least friendly hotel i ' ve ever been in ! even the concierge was rude and disagreeable . i could go on and on , but instead i ' ll just say go somewhere else ! 
avoid the talbot , especially for group functions . my in-laws spent a great deal of time trying to find just the right hotel to use for our wedding party and several out of town guests . they were lured in by promises from the talbot , that since they were a small boutique hotel that they could provide ' special , personal treatment ' . nothing could have been further from the truth . they failed to honor two requests to keep the bar open after our reception , they persistently confused reservation requests , they front desk failed to contact the valet despite multiple requests and nearly caused of my guests , his wife , and his two year old daughter to miss their departing flight . now the worse part . mistakes are made , even hotel managers are human , but where a hotel , which is supposed to be in the hospitality service , can distinguish itself is in how they handle and correct the error . case in point i had requested on several occasions when i made the reservations for my family that they all be placed under my credit card , all expenses , they assurred me that this would be no problem . of course , when my brother , his wife , and asthmatic five year old arrived to searing hot and humid chicago after six hours of travel they wouldn ' t let them check in until they physically saw my card . . . again despite them having my card on record , and despite my explaining this to them over the phone . my brother recalls the ' indignation ' of the desk clerk when he mentioned that the charges were to be put on my card . then another guest , in this case my older brother , came by and put the charges onto his card so that the five year old could escape the heat and the prolonged waiting in the lobby . when i finally was able to get across town , leaving a cubs game early , i again spoke to them about putting all the charges on my account . again they agreed , but never did anything about it . in the end when my older brother checked out on sunday he was told everything was alright , but when he went to his atm his account was frozen from ' unathorized overuse ' . the hotel kept billing his debit card automatically for multiple charges ubtil his account was essentially drained . when he got home he had to take an entire day off to discuss with his bank how to rectify these events . i spent sunday afternoon for an hour and three hours on monday , the first two days of my honeymoon on the phone , calling the talbot , the credit card fraud division , my brother , etc trying to solve this situation . the most aggregious insults continued to come form the covering manager , who at one point suggested that ' i was mistaken about coming back down to talk with the desk clerk about these matters ' . . . . this was a witnessed event , and her insinuation was that i was lying , and that there was no way her clerk could have made a mistake . in the end , there is no one running this place . . . managers from one department refer you to the manager of another departments voice mail . when i was finally able to get the name of the general manager ( after two days ) m neither he nor his assistant would ever call back . the communication between the staff and mangement is non-existant . fortuneatly the staff at the signature room ( where we had the reception ) was beyond excellent so the day was not lost , but the the talbot went out of its way to insult and poorly serve my family and many of our wedding guests . try the ambassador east ( same neighborhood ) cheaper , much more professional staff . 
i stayed at the sheraton as it was where a conference i was attending was being held . on the plus side , the hotel is reasonably well located , within a few minutes walk of michigan avenue . my room had a superb view out over the river . however , for the price i must say that the room look decidedly shabby and worn and is in need of refurbishment . the decor was dated , and my bathroom unit was cracked and the shower rail rusty . the wifi is ridiculously expensive , and frustratingly as a conference delegate i was unable to use the service downstairs in the venue despite having paid for n hours access . there was no wifi in the conference rooms , although it was free in the lobby area should you wish to sit there and do your emails . i know chicago is expensive , but for that price i feel the experience should have been better . 
will not stay here again . we were here pre-construction so didn ' t have the noise problems that others are now experiencing . but room and service quality were so poor that we will not return . our suite was large enough , but it was dirty , dated and worn . the bed linens were stained and the bathroom did not appear to have been cleaned properly . public hall areas had room service trays sitting for two days , disgusting . we ( politely ) requested housekeeping to touch up our room and pick up trays and they never showed . we had paid for the king tut package , which was supposed to include tickets to the exhibit . they had no record of this and didn ' t honor it . of course , the exhibit was sold out , so our main reason for visiting chicago was ruined as we weren ' t able to see this part of the field museum . my ( also polite ) letter to hilton and the manager was never acknowledged . very very disappointed in this property and am now avoiding hilton in general when possible . 
this is a wonderful hotel with all the amenities . everyone was helpful . the breakfast buffet was wonderful . the bed was ' just like home ' . we would definitely stay again . a nice touch was the water bottles left in our car for us to enjoy on our way home . it was little touches like this that make this hotel one of the best . 
my friend book this hotel for us for a girls weekend in chicago . lets just say we were thankful we didn ' t have to spend much time in the room . the carpet was so stained it looked like it was suppose to be that way . the furniture was worn and outdated . the place was gross and just wasn ' t worth the money we spent on it . the only redeeming quality was the door man , we was very nice and helpful . 
first of all when you check in the check in process is smooth and takes no time at all , the front desk is very friendly and kind and make sure you know where your room is . then on the way to your room they have spots with chairs and a table to have a seat and visit with other guest if you prefer to be out of you room . the room it ' s self is very spacious and clean . the pool area is very clean and neat and you always have a towel , they never seemed to run out . the service is beyond exceptional . i would recommend staying at homewood suites by hilton chicago downtown to anyone . 
i recently returned from a trip to chicago with my husband and baby and another couple and their baby . while the room at the hotel was quite nice we had a very negative experience with the front desk staff including managers . when we arrived it took over an hour to check in . we had requested two rooms on the same floor , which the hotel staff had confirmed a number of times prior to our arrival . when we arrived they could not accommodate us and offered nothing to us to make up for it . eventually after we persisted they gave us half off for our room for one of the three nights we were there . we also asked the concierge to make us a reservation for brunch at a restaurant that would accommodate n adults and two babies in strollers . when we got to the restaurant they had only a reservation for n adults and had to make special arrangements to fit the babies in . we also had asked the hotel to make us an appointment for a personal shopper at bloomingdales in order for us to save time shopping . we filled out forms in advance to direct the shopper and when we arrived for our appointment bloomingdales advised us that they had only received the applications moments before and had not pulled together our requests . after complaining again to the manager at the hotel of these disappointments she advised that she would send something up to our room to compensate . this ' something ' never arrived . we will not be making a return visit to this hotel . while the housekeeping staff , location and room were quite nice the over all experience was very negative . 
i recently stayed at the talbott hotel for n nights and i could not have been more disappointed . it was a terrible experience . long wait to check into room since room wasn ' t ready even though i arrived way after the check in time . front desk was very rude . was given a smoking room when i had requested non-smoking . room service left a lot to be desired . the food took forever to arrive and when it did it was cold and unappetizing . the staff at the hotel was not very helpful and was very unfriendly . had no toilet paper in room . room was very noisy . could hear people next door opening doors , watching tv , talking . the room was very dingy , small and had a musty odor . needless to say i will not be staying here again nor will i be recommending this hotel to anyone else . stay away from this hotel . not worth the money . 
i went to chicago on business last year and i had the pleasure of staying at the luxurious hyatt regency hotel . i opted for the business plan , although they have many different room descriptions available to choose from , such as the allergy friendly , monarch suite , state suite , all the way up to the presidential suite . my suite was a perfect blend of business and comfort , equipped with wi-fi , a generous n inch television , spacious work area and two queen sized beds you sink into feeling tension ease from your body . i dined at the stetson ' s chop shop restaurant and the meal was portioned generously and very well prepared . the staff was curtious and accommodating . for breakfast , i opted to have my meal brought to my room where i started my business day over a delicious hot meal and strong , gourmet coffee . i would highly recommend this wonderful haven to anyone planning an overnight chicago stay . 
i have heard friends talking about the hotel monaco in chicago and did have my doubts at first . however when i arrived there was amazed at the location ! it is near so many shopping places , museums , theatre , and many others places . was in town for visiting old family and friends so did not plan to stay in room for long , however the room was still amazingly clean and well kept entire n day stay . fell asleep quick in the beds and woke up ready for another day ! the staff at the place is amazing i even got very good directions from them as sadly didnt know the area too well and had plans to meet people . one day did spend the day in room recovering from a long night and the room service was the best i have ever had at a hotel . all and all was highly impressed of this hotel good room , good service , and was able to have great time with friends and family by bringing them there and places nearby , will be heading back to this hotel many times . 
i loved this hotel - reasonable for downtown chicago , an older hotel with a great reno ( a bit over-the-top design , but still very lovely and charming ) , clean rooms , and very friendly staff . they ' re also amazingly pet-friendly - they welcomed our nlb mastiff cross with a gift bag ( treats and directions to an off-leash area ) , and even had a cute blackboard with visiting dog ' s names on it . 
i would first like to say how inviting the rooms themselves are . for my wife and i , we enjoy the warmer colors . cleanliness along with excellent staff , made me feel away from home yet relaxed . being right downtown was perfect for location . the suites are very quiet as well . i surprised my wife with the ' shopping package ' . what a hit ! thanks homewood suites by hilton chicago downtown ! ! 
this is the best hotel to stay in when visiting chicago . i travel a lot , both for business and vacation . the talbott hotel is a cozy yet stately hotel that is handsome , and elegant . not to mention all the modern features that i ' m used to having at home , are available in the room . i brought my wife on my last business trip and we stayed in the one bedroom suite . she didn ' t even want to leave the room . the concierge was especially helpful in finding us a romantic place to go for dinner . 
just back from spending memorial day weekend in chicago . we decided to stay at the talbott , and we reserved a room there over a month ago . i must say that we found the staff to be wonderful , but the accommodations to be quite disappointing . we were given room n . avoid this room at all costs ! the adjacent elevator is so noisy that it will keep you awake most of the night ( and then awaken you at n am ) . in addition , we had requested a king bed , and n has two doubles . we were also surprised that there was no coffee maker in the room . despite the very friendly staff and its super location , the talbott was less than what we expected , and we would probably not stay there again . 
the allegro in downtown chicago is a great stay part of the kimpton group boutique hotels the allegro offers a classy stay in a beautiful room for a moterate price they offer complimentary and decent wine gratis in the late afternoon and the hotel allows you access to everything the loop has to offer in this remarkable city . i would recommend parking outside of the downtown area and taking the ' el ' into the loop which leaves you about n minutes from the hotel otherwise you are looking at hefty parking fees for a car you dont need in this part of the city . the rooms are small but beautifully done with great colors , comfortable beds and in my case great views . if you go to kimpton group website and sign up for specials you will be alerted to great rates on certain days kimpton does a great job and their properties are ' class acts ' 
striking architecture is only the beginning of what can only be described as one of the best hotel experiences of my professional life . the attention to detail in the room and the bathroom is remarkable and the bed is the best night ' s sleep i ' ve ever experienced in a hotel . gorgeous lcd tv and bose wave machine added to my enjoyment . sofitel is worth the extra ' s . 
my husband and i decided to plan a romantic get-away for our one year anniversary when we stumbled upon the talbott hotel in chicago . we decided to book the ' personally yours romance package ' for our stay . when we arrived at the hotel , the staff was very friendly and approachable . the personalized key cards we received upon check-in were a wonderful touch . each night , we would return to our suite to find the linens turned down and rose petals scattered across the bed . the personal concierge even helped me plan a special outing for my husband and i to see a chicago cubs baseball game . i would recommend this hotel to anyone planning a weekend away . 
my husband and i stayed here at the hard rock hotel in chicago a few months back . i wasn ' t particularly impressed with their customer service . when we arrived to check in , the front desk clerk was quite rude and unfriendly . she was short with me when i asked her about the city ' s attractions and things to do . our room wasn ' t all that great either . it was rather small and had a weird smell to it . i won ' t be staying here again . 
triple a rate with upgrade to view room was less than n which also included breakfast vouchers . had a great view of river , lake , wrigley bldg . tribune bldg . most major restaurants , shopping , sightseeing attractions within walking distance . large room with a very comfortable bed . 
after staying at the sheraton royal orchid hotel in bangkok , i was expecting a similar experience at the chicago sheraton . i had a wonderful stay at this property seven years ago and was looking forward to a repeat experience . unfortunately , my expectations were not met . for the past n years i stayed at the palmer house in the loop , but thought i ' d try a more modern hotel . pros - location by the chicago river , two blocks from michigan avenue - restful lobby with river view and free wifi provides a pleasant work environment - buffet breakfast offering custom omelettes , crepes and french toast cons - check-in assigned me to a city view room when i had prepaid for a river view room - river view was good , but the windows to see it were filthy - dirty towel used by the previous guest was still hanging on the back of the bathroom door - bathroom was unimpressive bathtub-shower combination worn plumbing fixtures only n sets of towels provided - guest room was small only one soft chair provided - guest room doors slammed noisily throughout the floor hallway - n to n block walk to nearest l-station - concierge couldn ' t explain how to get to the mercury theatre , nor print a map of the area - guest services told me to go out of the hotel one block to get starbucks coffee when it was available downstairs on the link cafe - no complimentary newspaper delivered to the room - no final billing folio delivered to the room on the night before check-out - not all computers were operational at the link cafe where boarding passes can be printed 
the thing that makes this such an enjoyable place to stay is the staff who were all excellent and polite and the service was impeccable . the room was very clean , the beds were comfortable but it was a little small and the water in the bathroom was not very hot . other than that it was a great place to stay . 
my husband and i made a reservation at the sheraton chicago hotel and towers , for a much needed weekend getaway . we took off work early friday to beat traffic . once at the hotel we quickly found out that there was not ample parking . we drove around several times looking for a space and had to park in an adjoining lot and walk across a busy side street to gain access to the hotel . upon checking in we were informed that the floor , where our room was located , was in the process of having the carpets cleaned . we decided since we prepaid with our credit card that we were going to make the best of the situation . we took the elevator , which smelled like urine , up to our room . we did see some carpet cleaning machines , unattended , in the hallway . i hoped for the sake of safety , no children were staying on this floor . we walked into our room and my first thought was how much humidity was in the room and it seems one of the guest used the microwave to heat up some sort of spicy curry cusine . the overwhelming scent of burnt curry mixed with the chemical smell of the carpet shampoo were too much for us . we called the desk manager and asked if we could change rooms . he rudely informed us that the hotel was completely booked due to several weddings . just then , the roar of the carpet cleaning machine came through the walls and i could not hear anything else my husband said . we decided to get a refund on our card and leave the hotel . it was an awful experience . 
the hotel monaco is a hotel that some say has ' character ' . i found the decor tacky and had a hard time relaxing in the room designed with clashing colors and ' contemporary furniture ' . i found the fact that you have to be a member of the kimpton rewards club to get free wi-fi access to be annoying at the least . because of their pet-friendly policy , our room smelled like a wet dog , and a canine ' guest ' down the hall kept us up all night with his howling . perhaps the dog would have howled less if the n-hour room service were faster . we waited an hour and a half for our order meaning we did not get our dinner we wanted at n n pm until midnight ! all in all , we would not stay here again . the views and location are great , but for the money there are better places to stay in chicago . 
the affinia chicago is a wonderful place to stay , my husband and i stayed there for a week to visit some family and had an amazing time . the rooms were very well organized and comfortable , the staff there are very friendly , and the food there is more then amazing . we are defiantly going back next year . 
a friend and i stayed at the hyatt regency in chicago for a weekend while visiting a mutual friend of ours for her birthday . the hotel at first glance was very nice and charming . but , we quickly found out that was not the case . our room reeked of smoke when we first stepped in . the bathroom was filthy , it looked as though it had not been cleaned in weeks ! ! there was mold around the toilet and a film over the mirror . there were also very large stains all over the carpet through the room . we immediately called the front desk to tell about our smelly , unkempt room . the women at the front desk was rude and assured us that what we were smelling ' was not smoke ' because that is not permitted in the hotel . we were also told that room was cleaned that day . after several minutes of arguing with her and a manager , we were moved to a another room which took n hours because there were no other clean rooms available at that time . we had to sit in the lobby with our baggage until one was made available for us . the food we ordered from the restaurant was horrible and way over priced . our waiter was rude and only stopped by our table twice the whole time we were there . all the staff at this hotel seemed unhappy and barley even acknowledged any of the guests . i will never stay here again and i would never recommend this hotel to any one . 
attended a conference at the palmer house and it truly surpassed my expectations . i had no idea it would be so large , so nice and with so many amenities . i also didn ' t realize that it is just around the corner from milenium park and the art institute . we were met at the door by the friendliest staff . even with a long line at check-in , the entire process was about n minutes . we enjoyed the room with the up-to-date tv , decent size bathroom and comfortable bed . had a fantastic breakfast buffet as well as a delicious take-out lunch at the main restaurant . paid n night through the conference which seemed quite fair considering downtown chicago . we have stayed at the sofital which is much more upscale , but we also paid over n night there . 
i was not pleased with my recent stay at the palmer house hilton . my room was not ready upon my arrival and the room i was given was not what i had requested . i had requested a room with n queen size beds on a lower floor and was not given that . the air conditioning in my room was not functioning properly and it could not be turned off . the room had an overpowering fragrance smell which made my sinuses act up . i wondered what had happened in the room before i got it to make the housekeeping staff use so much air freshener . there was no doorman available or a cart so i had to lug my n suitcases by myself by dragging n of them about n feet and then going to get the other one so as not to lose sight of them at any point since they contained valuable irreplaceable items . luckily another guest saw my predicament and offered assistance . my room had evidence of the previous occupants that had been left behind and overlooked by the housekeeping staff . they promised to send someone up to take care of the debris and after n calls to the front desk i finally gave up . i had looked forward to my stay there but have to conclude that it simply did not live up to the advertising and was a poor value for the money that i spent to stay there . 
i stayed here with a dozen of my friends , and more than half of us got eaten alive by bed bugs ! we stayed there from september n - september nth , but the symptoms ( i . e . the crazy itchiness ) didn ' t come until sunday night when we all got home . i complained to the hotel and basically all they ' re gonna do is cover the cost of our dry cleaning bills . honestly , they should reimburse us , because it was not worth it at all . do not stay at this hotel ! ! ! 
went there for business and the hard rock hotel on wacker drive was recommended . i was to meet my girlfriend there who had arrived n hour before me . when she go there at npm , the room wasn ' t ready , the phone didn ' t work , the shower didn ' t work . when i got there she was already very upset . i called the manager to complain , but was put on hold for n min . i could hear everything in the room next to me as if there wasn ' t any wall separating us . i asked for a wake up call , but nobody called me the next morning . when i called to complain the next day , the told me the phone system was down . ordered room service and got the wrong order . . . the building is very old and the elevator sounds like it is on its last breath . . . i would not recommend it to anyone patrick 
if you have the money , amalfi hotel is the place for you . all the way from it ' s n thread count , egyptian linens to the n hour fitness center . this hotel has anything you would need or want . the rooms are equipped with free wi-fi , nin plasma televisions , multi-head showers and much , much more . you can do anything from fine dining and wine to working on the computers in the business center , which is equipped with computers free to your use . after a long night at the bar , you can get a complimentary breakfast at each floor . over all the service is great as well . i recommend this hotel to any one from business professionals to young singles looking for a good time . i plan on coming back very soon . 
i booked a room at this hotel expecting great accommodations considering the price but was disappointed . the room looked nice , but i found that there weren ' t any extra blankets in the closet and the heating system was dysfunctional . i came back to the room after a meeting and found that it still had not been cleaned even though it was the late afternoon . i asked for replacement towels and they were very late in coming . i would have expected there to be a shuttle of some sort to the airport , especially since the website advertises the close distance . instead , i had to call for a taxi and was almost late for my plane because the taxi was stuck in traffic . all in all , not the best experience at all . 
i stayed at this hotel over the weekend of the chicago bears fan convention ( feb n- march n ) . the hotel is beautiful . i had a towers room . i had a decent view of the city ( sears tower ) . the room was a little small but had two bathrooms ( n king bed ) . the tower room has it ' s own registration area and comes with a free continental breakfast , evening snacks and free sodas throughout the day . the registration lounge is on the nth floor and overlooks lake michigan . the hotel was full but service was excellent . the location is convenient but there are a number of homeless people within a block or two ( especially toward the el train ) . we loved our stay at this hotel and never had to take a cab or rent a car . i will stay here again . hilton offered a sunday night free on their website with a n day stay . this made the cost reasonable ( for chicago ) . however , the pavilion restaurant left a lot to be desired . the pub on the first floor was a good place to hang out and have a drink . 
we live down the block from the hotel . we arranged to have new floors put in our condo while we were away . the floors were not finished when we returned so we looked for an inexpensive local hotel for one night . i think the ambassador east was the least expensive hotel within a reasonable distance so we decided to stay there . over the years i had had some visiting groups stay there . i had also eaten there and been to the bar but i had never stayed there myself . the lobby is elegant . the service is great and the room was large and clean although a little outdated . the location is the best residential area in the city ( as far as i am concerned -- i live two blocks away ) and it is very convenient to north michigan avenue ( a good shopping street ) and reasonably convenient to the loop ( the main business area ) there are also probably n restaurants in all price ranges in reasonable walking distance including some of the best in the city . i paid less than n including tax for one night . i am not sure what their regular rates are but i think my deal was the best travel bargain around . 
on a recent trip to chicago to attend a major trade show i had the pleasure of staying with the sofitel chicago water tower . i say stay with as that is how they make you feel , from check in to check out they go above and beyond to ensure your stay is perfect and you want to return . the rooms are clean , chic and roomy , the beds - the best i have slept in , bathrooms large and super clean . what can i say , my new home when in chicago . . . 
although the millennium knickerbocker hotel chicago claims to be an affordable upscale hotel in the heart of chicago , it is somewhat expensive , starting at n per night . there are very few special discount rates available for the budget conscious traveler . the rooms are modern looking and a little less cozy than one might prefer . the carpeting in the rooms is a little outdated and somewhat dirty in a few areas . the views from the rooms are not as great as they could be . the hotel seems to be understaffed and the heating unit in the room is hard to adjust to the right temperature . although the hotel is located on chicago ' s famous michigan avenue , it is a n taxi ride from o ' hare airport and a n taxi ride from midway airport , both rather pricey options . if you chose to drive there , the valet parking charge is a hefty n . again , not very budget friendly . all in all , even though the millennium knickerbocker hotel chicago is close to some of the major chicago attractions , it is only an average hotel on many levels . 
my husband and me reserved a room online for the chicago hilton . we were looking for a quit few days away from home and work . unfortunately what we found was not what we were looking for . first of all the room was smaller than what it appears to be online in the photos . the floors looked like they haven ' t been cleaned in a while in the check in area . the room we stayed in had very thin walls and we could hear the conversation of the other guest on each side . the staff was horrible . we had asked for a turn down service it was never received . i would not at all recommend this hotel to anyone . chicago is a great place to visit as long as you do not stay at the hilton . 
my stay at sheraton chicago hotel and towers was wonderful , i stayed in the traditional guest room and i slept good , i was able to get to my meeting well rested , thank you sheraton ! -bobby 
the hotel is in a good location . it is very contemporary in decoration . beautiful flowers in lobby . the room service was very good . concierge services were also very good . we were treated well . the shower water pressure was very poor . also , at checkout our room bill was conveniently not available so they mailed it to us , which we were charged for the nrd night when our room was actually prepaid . it was courteously taken care of after contacting hotel . bar was very small and uninviting and there was very poor selection for appetizers food . read more 
ambassador east is an awesome hotel ! ! ! understand that this hotel is full of history and is a boutique hotel . my family stayed at the ambassador for two nights in a suite . very clean room with great space . the best part of the ambassador is not the rooms though . the staff was extremely courteous , especially the concierge . if you stay here you have to go to the pump room . the restaurant is full of nostalgia , the staff is great , and the food is excellent . great atmosphere and music . 
just spent three nights at the amalfi hotel , while in chicago on business . booked a king-corner room and loved it . largest room i ' ve ever had in a hotel in chicago , incredibly comfortable , very clean . the breakfast and evening cocktails were a nice bonus too . and the location couldn ' t be beat . walking distance to the the river , the loop , michigan ave shopping and convenient to public transportation . i noticed a number of reviews commented on the noise yes there is some street noise , and the building across the street is under construction ( the noise from that was usually between n-n , if you want to sleep late during the week ask for a room on the back side ) but really , in downtown chicago it ' s not going to be silent , if you want silence stay in the suburbs . if you want a great hotel ( at a great price ) right in the thick of everything , stay at the amalfi . 
during my recent stay at the hyatt regency chicago , i was severely disappointed in the quality of the facility and its staff . to start off , the rooms did not provide an adequate sound barrier between rooms . hoping to spend a quiet evening after a long day of business meetings , i had hoped to spend a quiet night in . my neighbors , however , watching what i can only imagine was a real house wives of new jersey marathon on full volume , destroyed my chance for peaceful ambiance . when i asked the concierge to address the issue , he seemed more concerned about his texting than doing his job . as i visited the gym , i found their ' state-of-the-art ' stayfittm gym consisted in nothing more than a couple of treadmills , weights and yoga mats . the water in the cooler was quite warm , and the workout towels were stained and tattered . finally , all the hypo-allergenic features touted on their website were rendered null by the presence of dust balls under the beds . 
my boyfriend and i were amazed by the breathtaking view of lake michigan ! we are from texas so the view of the city was very important to us . we had no problems at this hotel . . . rooms , service , location were top notch . 
i walked into this beautiful hotel and knew that i would have a wonderful stay in chicago . after walking around the city all day , i was always excited to relax in this cleanly and superbly comforting place . the service was friendly and i especially liked the location . what a treat ! 
i had the misfortune of being booked at the amalfi hotel in chicago a few weeks ago . what a joke . to start off , the housekeeping staff must be on strike or they are very understaffed . i don ' t know who made the bed up in my room , but it could have been done better by my n year old . ditto the bathroom . water spots , soap scum and ( ugh ) hair of all kinds in the sink , tub and about the floor . gross . i requested non-smoking , either they didn ' t listen or didn ' t care , but my room and the linens smelled like an old ashtray . the ' beautiful view ' was ruined by water spots - not outside ( which is forgiveable ) but inside ! and they were sticky . i stayed only one night . the holiday inn had rooms available , and they were clean . never again . 
this hotel is great ! i love its interior design of the room . customer service is excellent ! and its gym and spa are gorgeous . if you need to go to chicago , this hotel would be your best choice ! you can also check its website for the special offer , i found a great deal on it ! 
stayed here for n nights for a bridgestone firestone convention . no complaints . room was great with a beautiful view . staff was very accommodating . had drinks and appetizers in main bar . fantastic ! great location . yes it ' s a huge hotel as it ' s used for conventions but that didn ' t stop it from being a great place . 
i stayed here n nights for a business conference . the food was pretty good . and they had these really good mints that i couldn ' t resist . the room was very comfortable and the bed was great . but i was annoyed by many issues . first , their internet went down for a couple of hour when i was there on a break from the conference . it wouldn ' t have been big deal except i needed to do some business while it was down . second , the internet wasn ' t available in the conference rooms . i suppose the conference i attended would have had to pay extra for it . third , the chair in the room was too low for the desk so i was in an awkward position while using my computer which gave me a back ache later . fourth , on the second night my key didn ' t work . so i asked for a new one which also didn ' t work . so i asked for another one and the same thing happened . thankfully the front desk asked a security guy to meet me up at my room so i didn ' t have to go back down to the lobby a third time . then he came back a little later to tell me i was in the wrong room , which i wasn ' t . finally , he came back with the right key . fifth , the tv had one remote control for changing the channels and a different one for the volume . sixth , they didn ' t have the comedy channel . much cheaper hotels do . if this hotel didn ' t cost so much money all of these things would be minor inconveniences , but i would expect more for what i paid . 
we recently celebrated our nth anniversary in chicago and stayed at the sheraton chicago hotel and towers . having looked at a gizillion places i chose this one because of its location to navy pier . ( we were going on a dinner cruise-the odyssey at navy pier ) the hotel is a short walk . . . unless you are wearing heels ) to navy pier . we found out on the way home only a n cab ride ) worth n to your blisters ! ! its also only a short walk to michigan ave shopping . . . for comfortable shoes perhaps ? ? i chose this hotel because of location , but the views are also terrific . this time we had a lake view of navy pier , but our previous trip we had a river and lake view . both very nice . the hotel is very nice . several restaurants , although we haven ' t tried them . the burger place downstairs sure smelled good though ) we ended up at bubba gumps at navy pier . good ! the rooms were very spacious and clean ! ! i am kind of a germaphobe ! so clean is important for my sanity ) the bottom level has doors that leads right out to the riverwalk , and a cool water fountain . ) i obviously highly recommend this hotel ) i n chicago 
location is excellent , but don ' t valet your car there , ( n . n a day ) . bed was to soft , pillows were flat , we couldn ' t open up the mini bar cabinet because the bed was in the way . all in all not what you ' d expect from a hotel in that area . 
what was supposed to be a fun weekend getaway with the girls in chicago turned into a complete disaster . the first problem arose when we arrived at the airport and the car the hotel concierge was supposed to arrange to pick up our group of n was a small town car there was no chance we could all fit in . . . they knew we had n ! we ended up just getting a taxi van to take us all to the hotel . when we arrived they had our three rooms spread out on n different floors despite our request for rooms near each other . after some finagling they were finally able to get us in n rooms on the same floor , unfortunately one of the rooms hadn ' t even been cleaned which meant more waiting around . the staff never seemed to have any sense of urgency when we voiced our concerns nor did they offer any apologies for the inconveniences they were creating . on our second morning we were woken up by a loud noise that sounded like funriture being rearranged in the room above us at n nam . despite my calls to the front desk , the sound seemed to continue for about n minutes . we also didn ' t know the hotel was sooo pet friendly . one morning we woke up to find a huge dog turd just outside the room door . i understand they allow pets , but really . . . people need to clean up after their animals . . . or have some dog free floors . while hard rock hotel in chicago may be beautifully decorated and offer some great rooms , their service was terrible , the staff was rude , and i still can ' t get over that dog poo in the hallway . i definitely won ' t be staying here again . 
advertised as a luxury hotel the conrad chicago is more gouge than grand . my wife and i decided to splurge on a fabulously decadent weekend in chicago for our tenth anniversary . after looking at several hotels in the ' magnificent mile ' territory of downtown chicago we selected the conrad . the conrad ' s website impressed us immediately . the pictures of the rooms were lovely , they promised what was supposed to be a world class spa and several amenities such as huge flat screen televisions , not that we were planning to watch much tv . we called to make reservations and after navigating a ridiculous automated phone system , i was greeted by a rather irritated sounding young woman who couldn ' t figure out how i was unable to make my reservations via the automated system . in any case i picked the deluxe king-size bed room for two nights in mid september . my wife oohed and aaahed over the picture of the room online , most impressed with the view . it cost a pretty penny , more than i would normally spend on out of town accomidations , but her happiness was worth it . unfortunately her happiness was short lived after arrival at the conrad . valet parking was a breeze but they accidentally grabbed my wife ' s purse when unloading the luggage . we spent an hour in panic before a bellhop finally located it . at the front desk they were pleasant but adamant that we had reserved a room with two double beds via the automated phone system . i explained the error to the woman at the counter who was able to get us into a king-sized room but at an additional cost . by the time we arrived at our room we were a bit haggard but still looking forward to our stay . that ended when we found out that our ' view ' was of a back alley service corridor . so much for the skyline . overall , the room was clean and lovely though housekeeping seemed unduly slow . i hate to be picky but i was drip dried way before my extra towels were sent up . the spa had very limited hours as well . somehow amidst it all we managed to have the anniversary of our dreams , away from the hotel . it was far from luxury service even if the sheets were of an extravagant thread count . i would not recommend the conrad chicago . i would absolutely save my money next time to spend on activities and sightseeing in chicago . i was expecting outstanding hospitality and found it no better than a mid-range priced hotel which would also have had clean rooms , but wouldn ' t have cleaned out so much of my wallet . 
i took my family to the affinia chicago for a short vacation last summer and it was fabulous . my kids say that their favorite part was the pool and the fact that the amusement park is really close by . my wife was really stoked with spaffina . the pampering and really made her feel special . and they are very attentive to pets also . my dog we left home but he would have been stoked with the pets amenities and attention . the hotel is also connected to a ton of other hotels , so their stash award lets you earn points at a lot of other hotels also . my favorite part of all was that my family was happy and content , which left me free to go over to underground wonderbar for a nice cocktail . 
my stay at the the james was perfect . my room was thoughtfully designed the lighting , the storage space , the bar area , the eating nook and everything else in the room was purposeful and pretty to look at . the staff was friendly and and genuinely accomadating . the restaurant ( primehouse ) echoed the above . great service and one of the best steaks i ' ve had in a very long time . 
not impressed at all . the hotel itself looks really nice , especially in the big foyer area . our room was small , and the bathroom needed some major upgrades . it had the green tile , like at your grandmother ' s house , all over the walls , and n people couldn ' t fit in it if you tried . we could hear the people beside us in the early morning every morning , so obvioulsy the walls aren ' t so thick . our room looked directly on to a brick building outside , very close , we couldn ' t even tell if it was nice outside or not . we are assuming we were not in a renovated room from the looks of it , and i felt yucky the whole time in it . i just wouldn ' t pay lots of money to stay here , there is nothing exceptional about it at all . 
this hotel seems to take everything about luxury and force it down your throat . the first place it attacks you is directly inside of your pocket . this place looks alright in the lobby , but when needing a place to stay during the midweek for a convention or to just sightseer in chicago , this is far too much to spend on a place to sleep for a night . clearly the ambassador east hotel has not taken into account that we are in a recession . not to mention that it is at least n-n minutes from the airport in traffic . chicago traffic is stressful enough without having to worry about how quickly the airport can be reached , particularly if the front desk forgets to give you a wakeup call . 
great hotel ! the staff is friendly , corteous , and professional . they made me feel like i was a returning guest which i was not ( but i will be ! ) . the rooms were very clean and i slept well in the comfy bed . they have a complimentary workout deal with the nearby healthclub that i took advantage of several times since it was to cold to run outside . my only issue was the battery for the tv remote died . however , a call to the front desk remedied that situation in about n minutes ! n stars ! ! ! 
