i stayed at the hilton chicago back in july . for a ' luxury ' hotel this place did not meet my expectations . for starters , we arrived fifteen minutes early for check in and were told that our room wouldn ' t be ready for at least another hour ! i ' m used to hotel rooms being ready well before check-in timee . since we had to wait we decided to grab a drink at one of the hotel ' s restaurants , kitty o ' sheas . well , we must have used up almost that whole hour just waiting for drinks . once we finally got to our room it was ok , although not great for the price . we had no view of anything to speak of even though we had paid for a view , and there were not extra towels as i had requested . we had to call room service twice to receive them , then another two times because our air conditioner wasn ' t working . fees for internet were ridiculous and the phone service was terrible so i could barely use internet on my phone . next time i ' m in the chicago area i won ' t be staying at the hilton . i ' d only recommend this hotel to people who want to waste money . 
i stayed at the allegro for several days in august n and i would defintely stay again . i had a very large room with a huge bathroom , although the property is a converted theater so the rooms may vary in size and layout . the lobby is comfortable with big sofas and chaise lounges , a nice place to enjoy the simple ( n choices , no munchies ) but pleasant wine reception . at night , there is not much going on in the immediate vicinity , other than theater traffic , but it ' s a short cab ride to michigan avenue shopping and river north restaurants . 
beautiful hotel in chicago . i visited this hotel on my honeymoon with my wife . they are pet friendly and even provide in room spa services . i would recommend hotel monaco if you are looking to stay in a luxury hotel in chicago . 
the affinia is virtually the perfect hotel for a visit to chicago . my wife and i stayed in an upgraded suite . very large room , that is modern and has all the little touches . the staff was extremely helpful and professional . the location is excellent . the price is a good value for what you get . we simply couldn ' t find anything to criticize . highly recommended ! 
my family and i stayed at the sheraton chicago hotel and towers with the belief our stay would be a n star experience . that was the farthest thing from the truth . the staff was very rude and unhelpful . the hotel is so large that you will get lost if you dont have the help of the staff . once we did find our room our card would not get us in and we had to start all over . so overall it took over an hour just to get us in a room . as we entered the room we noticed a foul smell that we just overlooked because we were happy to just finally be able to rest . my wife went to the bathroom , and to our amazement there was what appeared to be dog hair all over the tub and tile floor . that was just the beginning of our bad stay . after being in the room for about n minutes , there was a knock at the door that just happened to be the chicago police . there was a report of the smell of marijuana coming from the room ! my family was put through a series of embarrasing questions and actually had our luggage and personal belongings searched . there was a small amount of marijuana found in the drawer of the dresser that we never touched . come to find out after video surveillance , the cleaning lady was arrested for possession of marijuana . needless to say , our stay at the sheraton chicago hotel and towers was the worst part of our vacation and i would not recommend anyone to stay at this place . 
let me start by saying we are seasoned travelers who take n-n trips for pleasure on a yearly basis ( not including our business travel ) . we ' ve traveled all over the world and often stay at older hotels because of their charm and attention to detail . we were not at all impressed by this hotel . at n night we were expecting a decent , clean hotel but obviously not a n . we were highly disappointed by the state of the room we were given ( n ) . the paint wallpaper tub were peeling , there was hair in both the tub toilet when we got to the room , the internet service was extremely slow , the toilet ran throughout the night , and quite frankly we were not convinced the bedding was changed from the previous guests as it was wrinkled and look slept in . we told the gentleman working at the front desk about the state of our room and his response was ' i know , we can ' t wait for our renovations . ' if it hadn ' t been for the fact we were meeting up with our relatives who were traveling from the uk booked into this hotel by a travel agent , we would have checked out as soon as we checked in . let me also add that the front desk seemed short-staffed as the check-in check-out process was painfully slow . all we can credit the hotel with is a great location and very friendly responsive door staff . in its day this was likely a lovely hotel but it is in dire need of a renovation . despite its location i cannot understand how travelers continue to pay those rates for such a sub-par experience . we would never book at this hotel again . 
while i had stayed in the hotel monaco before , this was my husband ' s first trip to chicago and i insisted we stay here as i loved it the first time . well the second stay was even better -- we had one of the corner suites on the river -- the service was excellent and staff was very friendly and helpful . the warm cookies in the afternoon is a nice touch after a day of sightseeing . unfortunately we missed the wine hour . one thing that realy impressed me is that b c of flight delays we got to chicago a day late -- hotel monaco manager waived the cost of the first night on our room even though it was a guaranteed reservation . 
my husband and i stayed at the hyatt regency chicago to celebrate our ten year anniversary . we could not have picked a better locate . the price of the hotel was really affordable for a couple on a tight budget . the flat screen television and the comfortable beds were a favorite of mine . my husband loved the stetson steakhouse and the n hour stay fit gym . we really did not leave the hotel during i stay there because basically everything you need is only a walk or phone call away . if we ever travel to this area again this would be my first and only pick for a wonderful stay . this hotel gets four thumbs up from my husband and i . what a wonderful ten years celebration . 
we enjoyed our stay at the james in chicago very much . the hotel is elegant and uber-modern ! each room simply exudes class . i have never stayed in a nicer hotel , to be honest . the hotel features an upscale restaurant , though it is within walking distance of many great dining establishments . there is also a full-service spa at the hotel . the most surprising thing about the james is that pets are allowed our dog didn ' t have to stay at home . how cool is that ? there are also lots of up-scale amenities like valet parking , n-hour room service , n-hour concierge , shoe shine service , and laundry dry cleaning . the hotel is located right on the magnificent mile , so that location is absolutely superb . you are literally steps away from some of the best dining and shopping in the world . i would recommend the james to anyone on business or looking to stay in upscale luxury on a jaunt to chicago . 
we really enjoyed our stay at the palmer house hilton . we were in chicago for a weekend stay , and wanted something close to state street , and convenient to the theatre district and the museums , and michigan ave . shopping . this is a grand old hotel , with just about every amenity one could wish for . the lobby is fabulous , and the hotel also has some nice restaurants . our room had a nice king sized bed , and was pretty cozy . hotel employees were very nice and helpful to us . i would definitely recommend this hotel if you want a ' grand hotel ' type experience at a reasonable price for the many amenities and in a very convenient spot in downtown chicago . you will definitely feel special . 
amazing and beautiful ! i stayed two nights here and the room was immaculate . all of the staff were extremely nice and welcoming . the food was delicious and fixed to perfection . the entire hotel was clean , warm and inviting . will definitely stay here again and recommend to any of my friends traveling to the area . 
my wife and i stayed at the ambassador east hotel last month for my son ' s wedding . when we got there nobody helped us with our bags and they took forever to valet our car . after waiting n minutes to get my car parked he expected a tip , which i found rude . after finally getting to our room i noticed crumbs on the floor and a dirty bathroom . i was extremely disappointed with the room and the service . i will not recommend this place to anyone . 
this hotel is amazing , i would recommend everyone to stay at least one night here if they had the chance . i stayed here on my first honeymoon and they had all the accommodations i expected plus more . i was floored by the friendliness of the staff and they definitely went the extra mile to make everything perfect without any hassle . the restaurants at the fairmont were amazing as well . when staying at this hotel , food and wine at their best are portrayed . if i had to make the choice to stay here again , the only thing that i would do differently is schedule the stay to be twice as long ( it was so relaxing ! ! ) . already booked another stay for next year i enjoyed it so much . 
my recent stay at the fairmont chicago millennium park was everything i desired and more for my luxury shopping weekend in chicago . i loved the contemporary style of the rooms complete with modern conveniences like a n inch flat screen television and ipod docking station . i appreciated the walking distance to all of chicago ' s premiere shopping areas . the concierge was extremely helpful in booking dinner reservations , while the bellman was excellent at providing me with private car service . the services i received at at myspa were some of the best in the world . dinner at aria restaurant was delicious . in short , fairmont chicago millennium park was the perfect luxury vacation , meeting all my needs and more ! 
my husband and i stayed overnight at the affinia . prior reviews led us to believe this was a quality hotel not true . since it was a very special occasion , and also because we were only staying overnight , we didn ' t let the shabbiness and poor service of the hotel ruin our weekend . however , this would have qualified as one of the poorest hotel experiences . i ' ve ever had . first , the smells the linens and pillows on our bed smelled moldy and mildewy . the odors were not mild , and i found it pretty repulsive . i couldn ' t wait to jump out of bed in the morning , to get away from the odors . hard to sleep and certainly didn ' t want to be in the bed any longer than absolutely necessary . i didn ' t discover how disgusting the bed smelled until around midnight when we got into bed . at that point , i chose not to contact housekeeping because ( a ) i was exhausted , and ( b ) i didn ' t want to upset my husband , who had fallen immediately to sleep after a long day of sightseeing . also , the bathroom smelled like vinegar . perhaps this is the cleaning agent used by affinia , but the odor should have dissipated over the course of our stay and it never did . incidentally , the bathroom floor tiles and wallpaper looked like they had seen better days not a well-maintained property . second , the elevators if you stay above the first few floors , there are only two elevators that run from ground level to the rooftop c-view bar . with so many floors to service , and so many people going up to the c-view bar on a saturday , these elevators took forever to come , and were often full they did . annoying . also , on one occasion , there were several bottles ( water and soda ) left in the elevator clearly , the maintenance crew doesn ' t inspect and clean the common areas frequently . finally , and perhaps the most disappointing was the service when we arrived . first , when we booked , we asked for as quiet a room as possible . the hotel is located near northwestern memorial hospital . but , its proximity to michigan ave . , and the lack of accomodations elsewhere ( due to the transformers movie filming and a big international convention taking place the same week-end ) , led us to stay here anyway . at check-in , the clerk noted our request , and said our room was quiet room since it was not ' next to the elevators . ' when we arrived at our room , we discovered that we were across from the elevators . obviously , she was technically correct that we weren ' t next to the elevators , but it was still so close ( n-n feet ) that we could hear the elevator noise . also , since it was a special occasion , we asked if we could upgrade . the disingenuous , snarky , condescending clerk told us that checking in early was an upgrade . clearly , the woman has not travelled enough to know that in many quality hotels , this is a matter of routine , not exception . pretty awful experience all the way around . other reviewers must have very low expectations . can ' t explain any of the good reviews otherwise . 
i was genuinely surprised by my stay at this hotel . the walls were paper thin , and i could hear conversations in the next room . this is not something i would have expected from a higher class of hotel . the room was also smaller than i would have expected for the price . we were given minimal toiletries and towels in the guest room , something which made it difficult for two people to get ready in the morning . we requested new towels , but it took an entire day for them to get around to fulfilling our request . the check-in process was frustrating , mostly due to the unhappy clerk behind the counter . i don ' t know if she was having a bad day , or just happens to be in such a mood all the time , but either way , it was unpleasant and a pain to deal with . overall , not a pleasant experience . i think next time , we ' ll choose another hotel to stay at when visiting chicago . 
stayed at the chicago hilton for three nights and from the minute we walked through the door i was very impressed . check-in was quick , easy and i was very glad that we were able to check in despite being earlier than the advertised check-in time . we were given a twin room with two bathrooms which was brilliant . it made getting ready to go out much quicker ! the hotel location is great opposite the park , which is a must see . although located on south michigan ave it is easily within walking distance of all the shops and sights of the whole of michigan ave . would also recommend the street one block back from michigan ave for good shopping . for breakfast i would recommend grabbing a muffin , croissant or bagel from the bar just past reception rather than going for the more expensive breakfast in the restaurant . for evening entertainment kitty o ' sheas is a must . typical irish bar with good drinks and live music . finally the bed at hilton chicago is the most comfortable bed ever . i would have taken it home if i could ! definately made for a good nights sleep . 
chicago is my favorite city visit . i wanted to share this special city with a new love and booked us a room at the swissotel . it is advertised as close to downtown and close to the museums of chicago . i wanted to share my new love . it was indeed close to the museums but to get to either the shopping district or the chicago art institute it was a long walk , full of detours , and it was not easy to grab a cab . while the rooms seemed to be luxuriously decorated the beds were uncomfortable and the rooms just were not very clean . the room service was slow , the food arrived cold , and the total experience was way so expensive for what we got . i do not think i have ever experienced the level of noise in such a ' grand hotel ' as the swissotel seems . i would not recommend the swissotel because disappointment , noise , and cold food should just not cost that much . 
the intercontinental chicago is conveniently located near midway airport so the commute was short and easy . the room had a great view of a lake . room service was available n hours a day and the room came with a coffeemaker where you got complimentary coffee and tea which was great i did not have to go out for my morning cup of coffee . there was a business center that had internet , fax machines , and copy machines that was available for use n hours a day . one of my favorite things was the fitness center which had masseurs , it was exactly what i needed , very relaxing . the food at the eno was some of the best i ever ate especially the chocolate , i never wanted to leave . this was a great hotel experience and i would stay there again . 
the fairmont chicago millenium park hotel provides a rich , beautiful , cultured atmosphere . during my stay , i felt like royalty . with unparalleled design schemes and beautiful , tranquil views , the mood during my entire stay was one of bliss . the guest services department was second-to-none . the staff throughout the hotel were obviously concerned with pleasing the customer and making my stay as wonderful as possible . when dealing with a staff member at fairmont , i felt as if i were the only guest in the place . the food and drink selections were vast and fit for a king . i will definitely recommend fairmont chicago millenium park to my friends and colleagues . i will also greatly look forward to my next stay . 
i stayed two nights at the hilton chicago . that was the last time i will be staying there . when i arrived , i could not believe that the hotel did not offer free parking . they wanted at least n . what am i paying for when i stay there for the night ? the website also touted the clean linens . the room was clean and i believe the linens were clean . the problem was with all of the down pillows etc . don ' t they know that people have allergies ? i also later found out that this hotel allows pets . i think that this was another part of my symptoms . if you like a clean hotel without having allergy attacks i suggest you opt for somewhere else to stay . i did not like how they nickel and dimed me in the end for parking . beware hidden costs . i will try somewhere else in the future . not worth the money or the sneezing all night . 
the palmer house hilton hotel has it all for the business and leisure traveler out there ! i stayed at this hotel on business and all i can say is wow ! ! ! one of the main things that i liked about the hotel was the indoor pool ! i loved being able to go swimming even though it was december and n degrees outside ! also , the hotel does offer wireless in the room and this really came in handy for me to keep up with my work after my meetings . i dined at lockwood restaurant and bar and the food was amazing for a hotel ! one thing that was a minor negative is that pets are allowed and my original room was next door to a barking dog , but the hotel staff was fantastic as switched up my room so i didn ' t have to deal with that ! all in all , this hotel was fantastic and i look forward to the next time i get to stay here ! 
my husband and i visited the fairmont chicago millennium park for our honeymoon . the customer service was amazing . from the time we booked our packege to the time we checked in everything was absolutely amazing . these people were proficient , respectful and very thoughtful . the fairmont had a lounge , a wine room , a bar and a restaurant . i couldn ' t decide where i wanted to go first ! after we put our bags up we headed down to the wine room . . . it was totally delicious . we also got free wine just because it was our honeymoon ! then after a few glasses of wine we hit the spa , once again excellent ! ! everything smells like honeysuckle and everyone smiles all the time . we stayed in the gold room . although it was a little bit smaller than i thought it would be i was definitely satisfied with the huge king bed with even bigger pillows . my husband and i relaxed in fluffy white bath robes while we sipped champagne while we watched the sparkling lights of the city . it was a wonderful experience that i will never forget . four thumbs up ! 
we stayed at the swissotel for a special birthday weekend for my wife from aug n to n . i had called ahead to ask for a nice room and to order flowers for my wife . jaymes ballard , the concierge , made arrange for flowers , early check-in and we had a great room . our room was the nrd floor with a view facing the city . room was large , everything looked like new , great bed , large bathroom with separate shower , great ammenities . a beautiful bouquet of flowers arrived upon our arrival . the hotel is about n mins from everything , not close but not far from anything . has a great restaurant , n patios outside where i had a cigar . a really nice pool and hot tub on the nnd floor . i would recommend this hotel to anyone and thanks to jaymes for making our trip very special . 
was slated for two nights in chicago , june n - n , n . i could onyl get the intercon for both nights . i booked a handicapped room since that was they had left . after reading other reviews of the property , i decided to move it from two nights to one , and stay the second night at the hotel monaco . of course , upon check-in , i was given a suite . nice room , great linens , clean bathroom , and very quiet . parking is really high ( n ) . i understand some peopel saying the rooms need to be updated , but everything was clean and worked well . at , ost , the rooms were a bit dark . i had a late night drink at the bar , which was reasonably priced . i did not eat there , but the menu seemed pretty good , albeit with the typical hotel mark-ups to be expected . in all , i thought the place was everything i needed , and was very happy with the room , the staff , the linens , and the housekeeping . much better than others have indicated . 
i decided to book at the amalfi after cancelling a reservation for a different hotel after reading their reviews on ta . i was blown away by the reviews for the amalfi on ta and decided to check it out . i was able to secure a great price on the hotel room and i was not disappointed . i asked to be put in a quiet room because i was having an interview the next day . the room was very quiet and in a great location , but my only complaint was that it was right next to the fitness center and i could hear people running on the treadmill during the day . however , it quieted down at night and i could not hear anything . the rooms were enormous for chicago and i was pleased ! ! ! the hotel provided free breakfast which was good , free internet , and free gym access . the hotel is only a few blocks from the magnificient mile and i walked there everyday to do shopping . i have to say that the doorman is truly a gem and is very friendly . i wish that their front desk staff were as friendly as he was . all in all , i plan to stay at the amalfi anytime i visit chicago in the future . 
first , several day s prior to my stay , i called and spoke at length with the concierge and made a breakfast order for room-service saturday and sunday . saturday they didn ' t bring breakfast - and when i called room-service they stated they never got the advance order from the concierge . when they finally did bring it - they brought the wrong thing . . and then brought the wrong order again on sunday . i was further inconvenienced by in-room dining staff when we ordered room service saturday night . the food was limp and uninspired . further , i ordered soup - which arrived without a spoon . when i called in-room dining to request a spoon , i was told one would be forthcoming . n minutes later , a waiter arrived with a menu . when i explained i already had food and i didn ' t need a menu - i needed a spoon , he had the audacity to argue with me . i respectfully requested he return with a spoon and he agreed to do so . another n minutes ( and one bowl of cold soup ) later i decided to call in-room dining back to request ( again ) they send someone with a spoon . they too argued with me and expressed that they ' d already sent someone with a spoon . i explained that they had not - that i had received a menu i didn ' t request , but that no spoon was forthcoming . another n minutes later , a spoon finally arrived . thanks - for charging me n so that i could argue over cold , flavorless food . in addition to the gross customer service , surly attitude , and sorry food , i found the room woefully lacking . it reeked exhaust fumes so much so that on saturday night i woke up from the smell . further , i had specifically requested when i booked the reservation that you keep me away from the elevators . . . i was right next to the elevators and had the displeasure of listening to them ding all night long as other guests came and went . 
i recently had the displeasure of staying at the conrad chicago . although the hotel came with some recommendations from various online websites , my experience was anything but pleasent . first of all , they tell you that check in time is at npm . well i arrived at the hotel at n npm and checked in only to discover that my room was not ready . after waiting for nearly an hour for the room to be ready , i decided to go settle in . the carpets in the room smelled old and musty . additionally , the bathroom was not in the the cleanest of states and there were numerous noticeable chips , scratches , and dents in the furniture . although the bed was comfortable , i just couldn ' t get over the musty smell coming from the carpet . it was very difficult to get the air conditioning to set a comfortable temperature and i did not have a very good nights sleep . all in all , my experience was not the worst i ' ve ever had , but far from anything worth writing home about . 
overpriced is the best word to describe the conrad chicago hotel . while it may be in downtown chicago , the room had no view . although i asked for non-smoking , the room reeked of smoke . the elevators were very slow , and one was not working during my stay . there was a stain on the pillow , and the leg of one of the chairs in the room was broken . there was a dead bug in the bath tub . i was only given n towels for my n night stay . my credit card was billed twice , and it took n weeks to reverse to extra charge . i do not recommend this hotel at all ! 
i stayed at the affina chicago for my anniversary . the hotel is in a great location , but that doesn ' t make up for the poor customer service and rudeness of the staff . it looked like the cleaning crew forgot to vacuum from the last guest since there was hair on the carpet . i spent more money than i would normally , hoping for a luxury experience , and left very unsatisfied . 
i work for a software marketing firm , and that job requires me to travel at least n days per year . i spend a large amount of time in hotels . i normally don ' t write reviews for hotels , but the homewood suites by hilton were above and beyond . let ' s start where it matters the rooms . they are top notch . there ' s nothing better than walking in to a clean , beautiful rooms after a long day of travel . the beds are among the best i ' ve ever slept in in hotels . the rest of the room is just as nice and makes me feel at home . the price low . i looked for similar rooms in the area at other hotels , and everything else was at least n more expensive . but you don ' t get what you pay for here . you get much more than that ! the location couldn ' t be better . you want to go to a world class restaurant ? that ' s within walking distance . you want a great shopping experience ? again , walking distance . anything else you want ? chances are , it ' s within walking distance . overall , one of the best hotels i ' ve ever stayed in . 
my daughter wanted to spend the weekend in chicago for her nst birthday recently , and i wanted to find the best hotel for her experience . i looked at the hotel website and really like hotel allegro ' s insistence in supplying organic fare and in-room spa services , so i booked us for a friday and saturday night . upon arriving , the demeanor of the hotel staff was rude and distant . not enough to warrant a verbal complaint , but enough to make my daughter and i feel uneasy . after check-in , which took at least n minutes due to severe under-staffing , we headed to our room trying to be optimistic . our room was much smaller than the photos on the hotel site suggested , the sink faucet in the bathroom was leaky enough to make a constantly irritating sound , and we only had a stock of n towels , which were never replaced during our stay . we made sure to spend as much time exploring the city as possible just to avoid going back to the hotel . it was a huge disappointment , for me as the customer and for my daughter as the birthday girl . i highly discourage anyone from staying at this hotel . there are much better choices in the chicago area . 
i had purchased this deal of off groupon . lets just say we found a bunch of hidden treasures . when we layed down to sleep in our bed . we lifted our blanket and found very distubing spotting on our bed ( attached in photos ) , we immediatly called the front desk . the only thing they offered was a new set of sheets . when the room service men came to change the sheets he brought us another one with a big red stain on it and quickly hid changed it before we seen it and he apologized and offered to bring us new ones once again . we denied since it was so late and just slept on the sheets the appeared to be clean . then next day i eagerly showed the fronk desk and manager the photos , and they offered me a ( n ) refund . i was very dissapointed , and dirty sheets that made us very uncomfortable and sleepless and i broke out on my face with acne ( i never had a acne or skin issues ) im positive something in those dirtyy sheets . we drove n . n hours to enjoy chicago and we stayed the hard rock based on reputatuion , and unfortunitly we were very disspointed . it was disgusting ! i then wrote a email to management and heard nothing back . not even a response or apology . i just really expected alot more . 
perfect location , clean and courteous staff all added up to a great stay . its in an area with plenty of stores ( the mile ) and restaurants . hotel lobby is on the nth floor and the elevator to get there was annoyingly slow but overall i would highly recommend this place regardless if your there with a family , friends or on business . the subway to wrigley is a n n block away from the front door . 
my son i joined my husband on a work trip . we planned to swim while he was working . we overheard a lady asking when the pool would open as as we were checking in . though my son was eager to swim as soon as we checked in the pool was still closed at n pm . we gave up went out for the evening . we had a very noisy sleepless night . we weren ' t facing mi ave , but still heard sirens and i ' m not sure what the other noise was , but it sounded like a malfunctioning hand dryer in our ceiling that would sound off about nx an hour throughout the entire night . i called the front desk the next morning and was told the pool was open , so my ( very excited ) son got his bathing suit on and we got to the fitness center only to be told by housekeeping that the pool was closed for construction . upon calling the front desk again the lady claimed she was unaware of the maintenance crew ' s actions on my insistence she said she ' d look into it . a gentleman called back an hour later said the pool should open at npm . . . it was nam . it is now npm we still haven ' t even seen the pool . we check out tomorrow . we passed up time with grandparents who are in for the holiday to ' swim in chicago . ' needless to say we are very disappointed . 
the elevator system was impossible . it seems they were trying to improve it but only made it worse . many people waited n minutes and some bailed out to the stair wells . it happened several times . i had read about it before booking but guess i didn ' t take it seriously . it ' d be a deal breaker for any future return unless i heard clearly it was improved . also , i always think it ' s lame that you have to pay extra for wifi . area recommendations north michigan avenue and lake front areas are best . 
my friend and i visited amalfi hotel last week when we were in chicago and found it to be a great place , very sophisticated and luxurious , with lots of attention to detail in the decor and wonderful customer service . the beds were comfortable . the room service was great as was the gym . . . i fully enjoyed the views from the hotel room . . . so beautiful at night . . . the city scape . and in the morning , the free continental breakfast was delicious . it was a wonderful experience being at the amalfi hotel in chicago . i am eager to visit there again . 
when my boyfriend and i checked into our room at the omni chicago , we were irritated to see that the bed looked rumpled , as if kids had been jumping on it . that was just the first of our ' issues ' . the glasses in the bathroom had lipstick smears on them , and i saw a ( dead-thank goodness ! ) roach behind the toilet . we were given the hotel night stay by a friend , so we decided to just deal with it . we ordered some munchies from the kitchen , and the chips were stale , and the dip smelled sour . after coming back from the convenience store with beer and some fresh munchies , we were able to enjoy our stay--but i would not recommend this place to anyone ! 
my visit to the conrad chicago in the heart of downtown was a luxurious experience bar none . the lobby is immaculate and is filled with reams of class and style . the rooms are beautifully adorned . i especially like the flat screen tv and wired internet . i ' m never happy with wireless connections so it is nice to find a hotel that knows that its guests need fast , reliable internet connectivity , and it ' s included at no additional charge . the view from the room was magnificent . . . downtown chicago at night ! the restaurant is spectacular but the terrace is the place to be when weather permits . you cannot get a more breathtaking view and be able to relax in the gentle breeze of evening while dining on the finest gourmet foods . don ' t forget to visit the health and fitness center with their selection of aerobic and anaerobic workout equipment . the staff is attentive to your every need and the concierges can get you whatever you need . just ask ! this is the place to stay in chicago if you want to be pampered in luxury ! 
couldn ' t have asked for a better home base for checking out downtown chicago . hotel sofitel is right in the heart of the action , allowing my friends and i to hit the clubs and enjoy the local cuisine downtown ' s famous for . the room was comfy , with two queen mattresses , down stuffed duvets and chic decor . the bar downstairs was a bit pricey , but made up for it by being comfortable , sleek , and staffed with attentive bartenders who made excellent cocktails . one night we didn ' t feel like going out so we headed downstairs to eat at the cafe des architectes , which had an amazing array of choices , mostly of the french persuasion . i would definitely book here again ! 
homewood suites is a hilton group hotel located in downtown chicago . though close to many sights , when we visited there was extensive construction going on along michigan avenue , so every morning we were awakened right at n am to the sound of jackhammering and bulldozers . we reserved the basic suite . though we arrived at n pm , well past check-in time , our room was not ready for n minutes . the management apologized but did not offer any sort of compensation for our inconvenience . once the suite was ready , it was nice . but then we quickly discovered that there was no hot water in our bathroom . we were relocated to another room with apologies , but again , no offer of compensation for the trouble . once we were finally settled , the free welcome dinner reception had wine and beer . the food was okay , but we were so frazzled from the issues we had checking in that anything would have tasted good at that point . the staff suggested their complementary grocery shopping service . we though it was a good idea since we were already so tired . unfortunately , it took them three hours to finally deliver the groceries to our suite and the bill was far more than we expected . all in all we were disappointed with our experience at homewood suites . we understand there are problems that may arise but the fact that the management did nothing to make it up to us is unacceptable . i would not suggest this hotel to a friend visiting chicago . 
wow ! i have been to many hotels as a business man , and have seen my fair share of garbage dump hotels . but wow , this hotel was great . the staff was prompt , the room was extremely clean , and everything just ran like a well-oiled machine . i was particularly impressed with the fact that the front desk gives out free toiletries and other things . usually i have to pay n for a stupid toothbrush , but not here ! i really enjoyed staying at intercontintental . i was very worried about the chicago area ' s reputation of bad hotels , but this turned out just great . next time my boss flies me out to chicago , i know where i am staying ! 
elegant and modernized hotel with great staff . location is wonderful . the health club located in the hotel had everything needed to get my complete workout . i will be staying there again due to the wonderful experience and decent prices . 
i think the sofitel chicago water tower is a upscale place . i had my wedding there and it was the best of the best . the staff was so helpful and made me feel confident that my wedding would be a success . the chef prepared a lavish sit down dinner with appetizers and desserts . they also had a wonderful pastry chef who baked my wedding cake . the tables were decorated in very good taste and could not be more perfect . the bar was also set up the way i wanted it and even had a champagne fountain . my guests had a wonderful experience with their stay at the hotel and felt pampered . the rooms were like suites with a mini bar . they had terry cloth bathrobes in each bathroom . if you are looking to have a wedding in the chicago area look into having it here you will not be disappointed ! 
the affinia in chicago obviously caters to wedding guests and corporations hosting business conferences . if you do not represent one of these groups with a large number of guests and revenue for affinia , do not expect any measure of customer service and don ' t expect great accommodations , even at their high prices . when we arrived our reservation was lost , then it took forever for the concierge to tell us the room we were instead given was available . the furnishings in the room were cheaply made , the cleaning obviously superficial and our view was directly into the concrete wall of the hotel ' s l shaped corridor . i called for fresh linens and toiletries and a very rude phone attendant told me someone would essentially be then when they had time . two hours later someone came . the dining hall and reception areas were really nice , but again , unless you ' re a large group don ' t expect to enjoy them during your stay at affinia . even if you could , the prices wouldn ' t be worth it . 
other reviews complain about the small rooms . for a major city , we found our room quite comfortable with a king bed and really nice furnishings . one feature we liked is the ability to open the window . the knikerbocker is a small boutique hotel right off michigan avenue in the best area of chicago . the staff was friendly and helpful . for the n we paid on hotwire , we could not have found a better room in downtown chicago . 
my friends and i were in chicago last month and were looking for a resonably priced hotel in a decent neighborhood . well we came across the hotel allegro and immediately fell in love ! everything from the colors , the staff , the architecture , and the pricing were amazing ! we couldn ' t have found a better hotel . the service was impeccable . . talk about a n star hotel for someone with a n star budget ! my friends and i plan on staying here next year when we return . . i can ' t wait until then ! 
after reading the trip advisor reviews , i was expecting an exceptional stay . i was not impressed overall . the concierge , the view , and the hotel resturant were the highlights . the bed , although not horrible , was not nearly as comfortable as mine at home , and i do not consider myself and extremely fussy person . i was traveling for business , and although not dressed in formalwear , was also not dressed down , but all in all , it felt a bit pretentious to me . there are better options for the money , and would gladly stay at the sutton place , sheraton towers , or trump for the similar price and better stay . i would ask trip advisor to move it down in the ratings . . . . . . not n in chicago , in my book . 
i stayed at swissotel chicago for n night while on vacation with my girlfriend . our plan was to stay n nights there originally but its beauty could not make up for the poor service we received from the front desk associate . we walked in and despite being the only guests waiting to check in , we still stood waiting for n minutes while the person at the desk chatted on the phone with someone who was clearly not related to the hotel . once me leaning against the counter finally got her attention , she got off the phone and acted like i was the one at fault . needless to say i will not be staying here again . 
very disappointed in our stay in chicago monoco . we have stayed many times elsewhere , primarily in washington dc and are accustomed to great customer service , beverages like water or soda at the wine bar , coffee and papers in the morning , help with bags . not only did the chicago monoco do none of these things , the staff was not helpful , either . requests were not honored and the staff did not seem happy to be there . you got the feeling you were ' bothering ' people if you asked a question . no bellman , the doorman did not open the door or help with bags . even though we were traveling with a child , i had to request a fish when they did not bring it . really baffling . . as we love the monoco in washington . 
i just returned from a stay at this fabulous hotel - what a treat ! the hotel website offers a great rate , and what i found was affordable luxury . i asked for a high floor found myself with a fabulous view , in a room where there was an orchid spray in the bathroom , terrycloth robes and slippers , turndown service , roger gallet toiletries , a fluffy down conforter , and a wonderful pillowtop bed . the bathroom was so clean that it sparkled . the service was impeccable as well . even my room service breakfast was way above average with an incredibly generous basket of excellent croissants , brioches , pain au chocolat . the decor was unique the location convenient . check out the stunning flowers throughout the lobby . this is a topnotch hotel . 
i was completely blown away by this hotel . it was magnificent . i got a great deal and i am so happy that i stayed here . before arriving i was nervous as i had read a few bad reviews about the impact the renovation was having on peoples stay , for example very noisy . however , whilst the renovation was still going on and the gym was not open nor the restaurant , it made no difference to me . my room was huge , bathroom was spacious with excellent water pressure , bed was perfect and the view was amazing . hotel is so close to the great shops of magnificent mile , plus a comfortable walking distance to hancock tower and millennium park . 
the hilton in chicago was awesome . the room was very clean and the hotel staff was very professional . one of the features i liked , was that in my room the internet access was wire and wireless , considering my laptop is not wireless , it help me out alot . food was very good , quality was great . there was also a flat screen in my room . . . awesome . the hotel itself is locaated in the middle of alot of resturants with fin dinning . i also enjoyed the gym very much . overall , i enjoyed myself , and i will stay again at the hilton when i return to chicago . 
i stayed at the hilton chicago because i was attending a conference at the hotel . the room was sufficient - had a coffee maker , bed , hangers , tv , etc . that ' s about where my compliments end restaurant rates are outrageous . n for a breakfast buffet ? n to use the gym ? n . n hr for wifi ! ? ! ? ! this is unacceptable when i ' m paying n per night . thank goodness the ice was free . servers in the restaurant and bar were surly , not well-versed in english , and just rude . computer monitors in rooms are silly and turn on at random times during the night conference was incredibly cold . . . everybody was wearing their overcoats the entire time , despite our complaints to management . fridge in room was not usable . had to store cold items in the ice bucket . cable channels just flat out sucked . i was soooo bored when i had to spend an hour in my room . if i ' m paying that much , at least provide the full n channels . 
my stay at the james hotel in chicago was fantastic ! the hotel was clean , modern and everything i had hoped for . the staff was fabulous and went above and beyond all of our expectations . all of our needs were more than met and i will be recommending this hotel to all of our friends and associates . 
i took the wife and kids to chicago for one last fling before school started back up . when i checked in , the staff was very attentive , i showed a little consideration for the friendly attitude ( small tip ) and was upgraded to a huge upper floor room complete with a bar ! i didn ' t get the ' priceline ' glare and it paid off for all involved . the air and water show was underway on the lake front , and we had planes flying over our room . the kids thought it was great . that night we had a great view of the fireworks at navy pier . the sunday morning breakfast buffet at the hotel was very good and the price was not out of reason . the conceirge was very knowledgeable and very friendly . it was one of the best times we ever had in chicago . 
great expectations from the hotel of the fugitive ! wonderful lobby ! and that ' s it ! the room was old in style and furnitures , the tv was from the other century , no minibar , no wireless internet , no wireless adapter enough for the number of the room , those guys ignore that we are in the era of ipad without cable connections . small room , small bathroom , rude service room . they have lost my credit card number and want cash on delivery for a breakfast of n dollars . robbery in the business center , n , n cents a minute for internet connection , you have to pay to use word , or excel . never again ! 
i am so glad i decided to stay at the intercontinental chicago for my first trip to the city . the staff is very attentive , i felt like i was the only person they had to take care of ! the location is great , right on the magnificent mile and so close to major attractions . my suite was well appointed and very clean . i even looked behind some furniture for dust and couldn ' t find any . the hotel is very luxurious . the sheets and towels were very soft and the bed very comfortable . the next time i travel to chicago , i will definitely stay at the intercontinental again . 
the entrance and room was spacious and modern , yet elegant . it was very easy to get around to many places because it is in the middle of all the action of chicago . the drinks were very exotic and tickled the taste buds . indeed , it is one of the best vacation or weekend getaway spots . 
we stayed here because of the enthusiastic positive reviews on trip advisor and yelp . we might have had a one in a million experience , but we - were served a hairy salad ( a long black hair held a lettuce leaf hostage ) - considered our guest room tiny - could not submerge a thigh , much less a body , in the tub ( we ' re not obese and we ' re not dexter ) - endured a broken air conditioner for days ( it couldn ' t be repaired ) - experienced the delight of an inexplicably broken toilet ( they fixed it that day ) . on a positive note , the tea from room service tasted delicious , employees were abundant and friendly , the location is great , and it ' s very easy to get a taxi . in the future , i would reluctantly stay here for business . i would not stay here for pleasure . i think a n-something who hasn ' t traveled much would appreciate this hotel more than a seasoned traveler would . . . as a friend said to me today , ' oh , the sofitel ? that ' s the hilton of france . ' i agree . 
this hotel has a great location , and very friendly staff . however , the physical condition of the property has certainly fallen behind the competition . i use to be a regular at this hotel . . . but have not been back for n years . rooms have not been well maintained ( old carpets frayed at doors ) , wall paper peeling off of the walls , tv ' s from the n ' s . there is currently construction going on in the lobby area , making it impossible to get to the restaurant without leaving the hotel and walking to an outside door . 
i had such a horrible experience when i stayed at omni chicago hotel last saturday night . first of all , the plasma tv in my room was broken and the staff said they had no other rooms available , and they weren ' t particularly apologetic about it , either . secondly , it was supposedly a non-smoking hotel , but as an ex-smoker , i can tell that people had smoked in the room recently . additionally , the indoor swimming pool was closed due to high chlorine levels , which was really disappointing , because i was looking forward to using the pool . finally , check-out was supposed to be at noon . at n n am , the maid was knocking at the door . she asked if i would be out soon , and i thought was very quite intrusive . i will never , ever stay at that place again . 
we booked this hotel using points on our credit card . when we arrived , we were immediately greeted by a friendly face . we arrived several hours before check-in . however , they let us check-in early . they also gave us a free room upgrade . the hotel is absolutely stunning ! in addition , it is off of state street . there are many things to do - shopping , dinning , theater . it is also close to public transportation if you would like to go to the united center or the airport . the hotel also allowed us to have a late check-out at no additional charge . the room was so dark and quiet we slept in . 
this was a wonderful stay . the staff was extremely helpful , the rooms are especially large , and the fact they have a small kitchen makes everything a lot more easy . the breakfast and supper were excellent . they go out of their way to make you feel comfortable - for instance , they have take-away plates you can take up to your room . the business center , gym and pool also make this my first choice next time in chicago . 
the talbott hotel was very classy , professional , and luxurious . i loved how the staff was nice and respectful . i was treated like i was royalty when i was there , when in checked i was greeted by all of the people working behind the front desk and was offered a tour of the hotel . they took my bags and put them in my room while i was taking the tour and they even escorted me to my room right after we were done . this is a very nice and modern looking and their rooms are spacious and clean unlike other hotels in their area . i have recommended this hotel to all of my family and friends and would recommend it to anyone who is going to stay in that area . 
my daughter and i woke in the morning wanting to go swimming . when we arrived at the pool the water was covered by a white scum . i then attempted to use both of the phones at the pool , one white phone and one emergency red phone , to call the desk . both were out of service ! ! ! ! i am glad there wasn ' t an emergency . as we were exited the pool area i ran into a hotel employee and told her about the problems and then asked her to call us when the pool was clean . . . . never heard back . one more thing , in our room the furniture was mostly child friendly except for a large metal and glass outdated coffee table . within n minutes my n year old fell and hit her mouth and began bleeding . they need to update this piece of furniture . 
if i didn ' t have to stay here , i wouldn ' t . without exception , i swear i am not lying , every day of my stay brings a new problem . over the past n months , i have stayed here n times for n nights at a time problems every time . from the wrong food with room service , to room keys that dont work , unrefreshed bath towels , forgotten and dirty in-room coffee service , unclean ice bucket overnight , forgotten room cleaning , inability to connect to the internet . . . . i ' m too tired to keep writing all the problems . for the price of this chi-chi downtown hotel , i expect more . finally , their team is certainly not trained in customer service . the front desk teams have attitudes , and aria ' s hostesses think they are something else . i ' m stuck using this hotel since it is adjoined to aon , but i would never go back if i had a choice . the only good thing is the food at aria - outstanding . 
we stayed here through hotwire and got an amazingly low rate- n some odd dollars nightly for a n night stay last may . the room they had us in was small and had no view of anything except the wall of the other part of the hotel , but it was very clean , tastefully decorated and cozy . we had a great vacation , walking all over town until we ended up near the planetarium which was where we then turned around and saw the skyline of chicago and were just wow . so anyway , the hotel is great , the service was great , the room was very nice- i would recommend this hotel to anyone though i work at the front desk of a hotel myself and the previous person ' s comment about how she wasn ' t able to get adjoining rooms , well , internet sites don ' t guarantee things like that anyway- you ' ve got to call the hotel direct and verify things like that . there ' s a note about that on internet sites as well- no room type location is guaranteed . n stars out of n for this hotel . 
we just arrived from a n nights stay at the sofitel chicago water tower . it was faboulous . fine linen , nice room with bigs windows , bathroom with a shower , flat tv . check for the deals on the sofitel website , we had n nights for the price of two ! 
my husband and i and our n month old took a quick trip to chicago . we stayed one night at the palmer house after reading that they were a four star hotel . i guess i am just confused as to why they are a four star hotel . yes the lounge area is nice but the rooms were so small i couldn ' t set up a pack and play for my son . i had to call and ' upgrade ' my room just so my son could have someplace to sleep . the lower levels have been updated which makes them slightly better than a holiday inn . the wall paper is peeling away from the walls and the shower was dirty . i will never stay there again . 
my boyfriend and i decided to stay at the conrad chicago for our anniversary . the second we walked in , we were immediately won over by the look and feel of the room . white luxurous bedding on the king bed , plasma t . v . subroofer surround sound speakers ( my boyfriend was more impressed than me , as i reminded him that we didn ' t come to chicago for the hotel room ) very large bathroom w tub and separate stand-in shower , granite countertops , his her robes and slippers . the view wasn ' t great , but we were on the nth floor and not really high enough to see anything but the side of the building next to us . not a large room by any means , but again . . . we didn ' t go to the city for the hotel room . it was the prefect size for the amount of time we were actually in the room . we got a great rate on it ( n at hotels . com ) but i think the going rate is usually closer to mid n ' s . i ' ve stayed in quite a few hotels in the downtown area and none have ever impressed me more than this one . we will definitely be staying there again on our next trip into the city . 
i enjoyed a pleasant n night stay at the millennium knickerbocker hotel in chicago , il . the hotel was beautiful , inside and out . i felt as if i was a celebrity staying there . the staff was especially kind and very professional . my husband and i have never felt more comfortable . i was very pleased that they had transportation for us , since we flew in to chicago for our anniversary . the shedd aquarium package was an excellent bonus . i highly recommend this hotel to everyone that ' s going to be visiting chicago ! 
the hotel is almost always very helpful . this stay caused me to re-think if i like the palmer house . i had dirty covers for the bed . it was also the smallest room in the hotel i am sure . my husband and i usually come n times each year . he is there doing business and cta work . we are not pleased with the size of the room at all now . rooms have always had two chairs , desk , and usually n by n feet . not this room on the nth floor . it was only n x n approx . the service men at the doors have always said a welcome but not this time . in the past we had a bell man steal a n . pair of sun glasses and the hotel did nothing about our loss financially . 
i was sorely disappointed with the sheraton chicago . from the outside it looks like a great hotel , and i guess the inside was clean enough but the decor was really boring and frumpy , not what i expected when looked at the website . the front desk staff was nice enough at first , but when i asked for the wifi password they told me i had to pay extra . i mean come on , i ' m paying over n bucks a night and wifi is extra ? the lady who checked us in got a little snippy about it and said it says so when you make the reservation . ( note to self , don ' t let your husband book a hotel without checking first about what amenities are offeredd . ) so things started off on the wrong foot anyhow . i guess the positives for this hotel are the location and the lakeview ( from some of the rooms ) and it seems pretty safe . other than that i was not impressed for the price - i ' ve stayed in big city hotels for half the price that had better linens , a better restaurant , where they got your room cleaned up at a reasonable hour ( we stayed two nights and we didn ' t get our beds made and fresh towels until almost n ) . i guess the most unpleasant thing was the odd smell - not musty per se but maybe like chemicals they use to cover up a mildewy smell . in general it seems lke it ' s on the decline and the staff knows it , they ' re just kind of lackadaisical . i wouldn ' t stay there again . 
this was the best choice my husband and i could have chosen to visit ! the hotel has stunning views from all around and the best part is that it is near the water ! i was perfectly happy to enjoy the luxurious rooms and comfortable decor while my husband enjoyed the solace the found in the free gym . everything was so clean and invoting . especially the pump room there was so much history in one rooom . overall , we had a great , relaxing vacation away from the kids . i would definitely return to the ambassador next time we ' re in the area ! 
stayed at the chicago affinia dec n thru dec n and was very impressed with the staff , the room , and the location . close to shopping and the pizza place next door was great . of course , there were many other restaraunts nearby as well . i had a little trouble figuring out the heat , but it was fine once i learned how to set it . they were working on the hotel , so we got a great rate . but the work never bothered us . the room was great , with the walk-in shower in the spacious bathroom a wonderful surprise . i would definately stay here again and would recommend to others . 
we stayed in the conrad for n nights just before thanksgiving . we had a corner room overlooking n michigan av and the tribune building . to say this is a n star hotel is to damn this place with faint praise - it is wonderful . the staff were unbelievably helpful . the standard of the room was superb - hd plasma screens , luxury bedlinens , ipod radio , huge bathroom . location is unbeatable - right in the heart of everything - watched the whole light festival parade from the window . breakfasts were excellent - no help yourself buffet here - with full and attentive table service . would have no hesitation recommending or staying again in this hotel - n out of n . 
i recently traveled up to chicago for business and had a terrific n day n night stay at the sofitel chicago water tower in downtown . the location was perfect as it gave me easy access to michigan avenue and the conference center where i was doing business . my hotel room was rather nice with a very comfortable king size bed and a cozy atmosphere . i ordered room service for dinner and it came within n minutes so i was quite pleased with that and they serve from their own restaurant which is located downstairs . the food was extremely good and i really enjoyed not having to go out and fight the traffic to find a good place to eat . i had been really tired from my meeting earlier in the day and had no trouble going to bed on the comfortable mattress . i woke up and took a shower and the bathroom was definitely up to standard with any other quality hotel . they had all the soaps and stuff as usual and they had plenty of towels on hand as well . after shower i headed down and they had a breakfast buffet at the restaurant which was free for hotel guests . the breakfast was delicious and started my day out right . after my business stuff was over i really got out and enjoyed chicago . i met up with a friend who came over and visited my hotel and she was quite impressed with it as well . when i go back to chicago i will definitely stay at the sofitel again . 
the sofitel chicago water tower , while seemingly a good idea in theory , has many drawbacks . at first glance , it appears quite luxurious and grand , but some of its shortcomings cannot be overlooked . the hotel is quite tall , coming in at n stories , and the noise from adjoining floors and rooms is sometimes quite annoying . the staff members do little to try to ameliorate the situation for the dissatisfied guest , so it seems as if your pleas for help go unnoticed . the hotel tries to adopt a french flavor , but its efforts fall short . the only real french influences are found in the names of restaurants and bars . the hotel is conveniently located in the heart of the city , but this location also adds to the less-than-cozy feel of the establishment . the same complaint about the guest rooms and noise applies to the hotel in general . the city ' s traffic and noise both detract from the ability to fully enjoy one ' s stay here . overall , i would not recommend this hotel . make a different choice . 
for the price , you would think this would be a top quality hotel , but it was nowhere close . service at check-in was slow and unfriendly . the room was even worse . it was small , dirty and smelled like stale cigarette smoke even though i had requested a non-smoking room . the cover on the bed was stained , there was hair all over the bathroom floor , and the curtain rod was almost falling off the wall . everything looked tired and in desperate need of a remodel . i also didn ' t appreciate having to pay for wifi , when other premium hotels offer it for free . overall , this was one of the worst hotels i have stayed at in a long time , and considering the price , it was terrible . 
the omni was chosen for it ' s location whichworked out perfectly . the bedding was wondeful and everything seemed fairly clean . . . until . . . i sat down in the tub . . . there was black mold in the soap holder , in the cracks on the walls between the tile , all under the tile overhang above the tub and completely around the toilet bowl . needless to say i drained the tub and took a shower . . . i really don ' t care for showers . oh yes . . . the toilet leaked as well . . . the staff were very helpful but i was disappointed . i travel extensively and don ' t think i will return . we needed color copies for a business meeting and their printer was broken , so the man in the business center took the jump drive to another part of the hotel , printed the presentation and delivered it to our room . they try ! we booked online for a weekend package and got a room on the nth floor with a view of the windows of another building . . . but we weren ' t there too much . 
great location in chicago downtown . the staff is professional and warm . the room is spacious and clean . nice complimentartry breakfast . i will definitely stay here again next time in chicago . 
my wife and i stayed here for a long weekend and it was great . the check-in staff changed our room to a single bed without question , and the bar served the best martini i have had in a while . the rooms were well decorated and spacious , although it did get a little tight through the bathroom door . the bell staff was very accomodating and walked my wife up to our room when she arrived late . i would definitely stay here again ! 
the ambassador east was a average hotel at best , and mediocre at worst . the bright spot is a very helpful and friendly staff . the doormen and the concierge were especially helpful and willing to do what they could for you . the room was lackluster , however . the bathroom was in especially bad shape . it was dirty when we arrived , with hair in the sink and shower . the shower was in really bad shape . the shower head adjustment did not work properly and water pressure was very low . the water temperature did not get warm during the first morning of our visit . the decor throughout the hotel ( lobby , hallways and rooms ) was very out-of-date and old-fashioned . i would have liked there to have been a vending machine in the hotel as well . the business center with free internet access was a nice feature that was easy to use . the hotel ' s location was okay though it was a bit of a hike to the most popular tourist destinations . i would not stay at this hotel again based on its current conditions , but if it underwent some renovations to update the rooms and the bathrooms , i might be inclined to stay there again . . . . read more 
my family of four went to a convention and stayed here in early august . we were promised a room with two double beds . when we arrived ( earlier than most ) we were told they were n double beds short . we reluctantly agreed to take a room with a king bed and a promise of a roll away bed . we had a to sleep very uncomfortably with a n year old in our bed and our other child in the roll away . little did we know we were being charged a daily fee for this bed . the managment could not handle the large group that was at this hotel . the bellhops and bartenders were visibly stressed and we did not have towels one day until very late at night . the managers would not take off the roll away bed charge and were not the least bit accomodating . we were so disappointed in this hotel . also , they do not have a pool here . if you want to use a pool there is a health club next to the hotel but you have to pay n a day to use it . n for a family to take a little swim was a bit ridiculous . do yourself a favor , if you want to be accomodated and are thinking of booking this hotel for a convention or otherwise , go elsewhere . chicago has too many hotels to choose from to pick this one . i never heard back from managment on this issue when i called and emailed so obviously they don ' t care , even when i told them i ' d write a review on this website . chicago is an awesome city though . we loved it ! 
i needed to find a last minute hotel to stay in for the night so i came to this one . first of all the prices for one night are extremely high . the workers at the front desk were not kind at all and treated me like i was a second rate and not on their list of priorities . then i got into my room and got settled and it smelled of cigarettes and the air conditioner was making loud sounds so i didnt get much sleep . also the restroom was very dirty and frankly disgusting . the beds were very old and uncomfortable and the tv did not work at all . overall i am very disappointed with this hotel . 
my husband and i stayed at the hotel allegro chicago to celebrate our nnd wedding anniversary this past weekend . the hotel is the perfect combination of sophistication and glamour from the moment you arrive . the concierge staff was very friendly and accommodating throughout our weekend stay , and the hotel itself provided many interesting and fun things to do . we were very impressed with the overall setup of the hotel the lobby , dining areas , and rooms all had a special touch of class that made our weekend exciting and full of luxury . the decor of our room was very modern and eclectic with hues of blue and white , and lighting that complimented and set the mood . the bar and lounge areas had excellent service , and the views from our room perfectly captured the excitement of downtown chicago . additionally , my husband and i were extra pleased to learn that because we are aaa members , we would be receiving n off our room rate for the weekend . overall , the amenities and experience of staying at the hotel allegro chicago made us feel like movie stars , pampered and taken care of all weekend in a classy establishment , one in which we would definitely choose to stay again . 
my parents booked five nights at the james for its location and good reviews . they had a terrible first night with defective air conditioning and not much sympathy from the management staff . they sent engineers three times to repair the unit , and they insisted that it was getting cooler when it wasn ' t , under the rationale that the summer temperature is high and the filter was dirty . at my parents ' request , the hotel staff moved them to a lower floor with a queen instead of a king and with neither a rate discount nor an effort to compensate them for the inconvenience and discomfort . the hotel insisted they were fully booked and reluctantly gave them that room . don ' t book this hotel in the summer . and by the way , there is no view at all from any of the rooms - except for the windows of other buildings . 
my wife and i stayed at this hotel at the end of may , n . she came for the weekend for a function and we extended the trip to take in the city . we got a deal on this hotel through travelzoos . n night stay for n night plus we got the full buffet breakfast . the room was wonderful . extremely large king size bed with expansive sitting area . we are used to smaller hotels with little room to move . the bed was extremely comfortable with lots of pillows . no wear or damage in room at all except sink tap dripped a bit ( poor taps ) . we could have upgraded to river view for n night but chose not to . we enjoyed the room for what it was . nnd floor looking south . the buffet breakfast was great . lots to choose from and very fresh with made to order eggs , non stop coffee and juice and the servers were so eager to please . great to have breakfast included in night stay . might be a bit dear to pay at n person . it was nice to sit and relax with good breakfast , coffee and newspaper and not have to figure where to catch a morning meal . concierge desk was most helpful in suggesting places to eat , always informative and ready to provide maps , directions , multiple suggestions and even make the reservations . cards included to admit without paying cover charges at some jazz clubs . location was great . blocks from el and other transportation and easy walking distance to the parks and right on the river . if in chicago again , would not hesitate to stay here again . a swimming pool would have been nice but we did not miss it . 
i have to say that the hard rock hotel in chicago is a cool place to stay . when i first got there , getting checked in was very fast . the lady at the counter was nice and well spoken . the bellhop had out bags into the room very fast . the room was very hip and cool . there was musical items all over the place . i really loved the beatles art that was in my bathroom . after being in the room a few minutes , i got a call from the front desk asking me if i liked my room . they also asked me if i would be interested in things like spa treatments and or if i needed to use their business room . i needed some things shipped while i was there , which they had supplies to help me with that . after getting some work done , i called the concierge if there was some really good pizza places around . they gave me information for n awesome places . i left and came back after having a night out on the town . they were very understanding that i was a wee bit out of it . i had more than pizza that night if you get my drift . when i got back to my room , the bed was so comfortable . i feel right off to sleep and had a good nights sleep . in the morning i order breakfast , which was really a philly cheese steak . they will make anything you want anytime of day . i checked out by nam with my bags feeling rested and very relaxed . thank you hard rock , you rock ! 
i was going to chicago last month and wanted a nice hotel that was close to restaurants and shops . i did some research and believed the intercontinental would suit my needs . i sure was not disappointed by my decision ! this hotel lots of historic charm . despite being a larger hotel , the service was top shelf ! the rooms , while not large by any means , were extremely well-appointed and very comfortable . my kids loved the big swimming pool that the hotel offered . as for me , i was more impressed with the location to the magnificent mile . the hotel also has a nice restaurant on-site . the food was very good and , just like the hotel itself , the restaurant provided perfect customer service . dollar for dollar , the intercontinental in chicago is a great deal and i will be staying there again . 
the ambassador east hotel hello my current visit to the ambassador east hotel . i really enjoy my n day weekend stay at this hotel . this was my first time at the hotel and i reserved a king size suite . inside my room there was nice view of chicago ' s gold coast . i really needed to get some work done for my business trip and this room was perfect for the situation . i could easily relax on my king size bed . i watch hbo on a enormous size flat screen tv for free . also when i did do my work there was nice wooden desk in my room with a desk lamp and wifi modem . it so nice to have my laptop with me and able to use it on a good workstation in my room . after finishing my work i have time to check the complimentary fitness room . lastly i left the next day , i had one of the finest breakfast dishes from their pump room restaurant . overall the ambassador east hotel is a n out n hotel and really worth the stay . 
simply a nice place to stay . . . i had a great deal for the room , and was impressed with the quality . hotel staff was very helpful they were able to let me check out and helped me print boarding passes . negative it is frustrating that nowadays you do not have free internet in most hotels and it ' s the same here you have to pay for the internet . negative loud on the phone you may hear your neighbors on the phone , or them shower . 
the millennium hotel knickerbocker sounds fine , and the website is pretty , but the reality is an over-hyped , overpriced , reality-isn ' t-as-good-as-fantasy package . the catering they offer is a joke you can pick up better food for half the price at a dozen or more places in the chicago area . while the rooms were cleaner than most , there was a lingering unpleasant odor from the cleaners they used that aggravated my sinuses , and when i called to complain about it , a nasal-voiced clerk blew me off . the rooms look small but cozy when you book online , but when you get there in person , you realize just how tiny they are . trying to fit inside of one makes you think of being in a sardine can -- did i mention that it smelled like cleaning solution ? i also found a hair on my supposedly clean bed , which made me wonder just how thorough their housekeeping staff is . in fact , it looks like all of their rooms are comparatively small you ' d get better prices and a far better room from the hilton . 
the room looked like a country club prison cell . flat paint on all walls , doors , trims , not especially clean . a platform bed and a long shelf desk with an iron chair . no amenities , no homey touches , nothing on the walls . no room service , no gym , no concierge . the air conditioner clunked off and on all night . on the plus side , the bedding was nice and there was a large screen tv . don ' t waste your money . 
the ambassador east hotel , located in downtown chicago , is one of the best hotels i ' ve ever stayed in . my wife and i went into the city on a weekend getaway and found the ambassador east on a hotel booking website . their rates are very , very reasonable for the high class and luxury that they provide . i was pleased to know that they allow pets as we decided to go into the city last minute and couldn ' t find anyone to watch our dog for the weekend . i was more than pleased with the friendly staff and felt like their hotel put an extra emphasis on knowing their customer , which is nice because most places in chicago are very impersonal . all in all i was very pleased with our stay and would recommend it to anyone looking for a place to stay in the downtown area . n n stars . 
i first walk into the beautifully decorated lobby of the affinia chicago hotel where i ' m greeted by name by the concierge . he tells me that they have taken the liberty of customizing the room to my profile from when i booked the stay . he shows me to my room ( paying careful attention to my bags , and ensuring that i needn ' t lift a finger ) sure enough , the down pillow i had selcted from the dream pillow menu sits proudly atop the queen of the domain , which by the way is covered with the softest of bedspreads making me wonder if they didn ' t literally drag a cloud in here and fit it on my bed . i notice that there ' s a display of champagne and cupcakes ( ! ) atop the dresser and my ' experience kit ' which comes complete with an ipod shuffle downloaded with only my favorite workout tracks , and a yoga mat . namaste . unable to resist the urge to inspect the bathroom , i find that not only is there a marble tiled invisible glass shower , but a jacuzzi , lined with candles of vanilla , deep enough to bathe a walrus . feeling girlish , i run the water and test before going to dinner . the hotel ' s restraunt c-house offers the most delicious seafood menu that makes you think you ' re dining with the kings of paradise . or at least eating in the caribbean itself . hmm , i should have brought a date . 
my fiancee and i were looking for a modern , upscale venue for our wedding reception . we have found the perfect location at the james . from the ballroom to the personal attention to detail , each step was handled with care . now that we have locked in our date , we are more excited than ever . thank you staff at the james for making our day even more special ! 
i recently stayed at the amalfi hotel in chicago and was very disappointed right from the beginning . the girl at the front desk was busy talking to a one of her friends and when i finally did get her to wait on me she was rude and seemed bothered to have to wait on me . the room wasnt at all what i was expecting . it was dingy , dirty , and just seems like an old hotel . just not what i was looking for in a nice hotel . seemed like the quality you ' d expect from a cheap motel . 
stayed in april for two nights . i hesitated selecting the sheraton becaue i had a very poor stay there earlier this year . as far as i ' m concerned , that ' s two strikes and i won ' t give them a chance at three . doormen wouldn ' t help on arrival , huge line at c i , lousy room , malfunctioning remote , unresponsive staff , and incorrect bill . if you want to be close to michigan ave , try the westin or intercontinental and spare yourself the problems . i don ' t understand why certain places never improve . is it that tough to properly train a staff ? 
my husband and l stayed here after a very hectic week in new york . the room was very spacious and clean , the bed was huge and extremely comfortable . i really liked the aveda bathroom products , great smell . we had room service the first night and it arrived really quick and piping hot . compliments to the chef . the concierge was very helpful as we needed to find a few places and we were meeting up with friends and did not know how to get to navy pier , directions were given to us accompanied by a map . the weekend we were there it was their annual air and navy show , this was spectacular . the whole of the last day of the show we spent at navy pier and the millenium park . location of the hotel is very good for most things especially shopping . if we are ever in chicago again we will definately stay here . 
beautiful hotel , but doesn ' t have a lot to offer for the price . sheets and pillowcases in the room had stains on them , tv remote would not function properly . valet service truly needs improvement . we payed quite a bit for overnight parking , and it took them almost an hour to bring our car to us when we needed to leave . when we asked to find out what was taking so long , we got tossed back and forth between bell hop and front desk , with no answers . 
i booked two rooms four months in advance at the talbott . we were placed on the top floor next to the elevators , which are used all night long . when speaking to the front desk , i was told that they were simply honoring my request for an upper floor , which i had requested for a better view . i am looking at a brick wall , and getting no sleep . he also told me that they had received complaints before from guests on the nth floor , and were aware of the noise problem . why then did they place us on this floor when the hotel is not totally booked ? a request for an upper floor does not constitute placing someone on the top floor and using that request to justify this . if you decide to stay here , request a room on a lower floor and away from the elevator ! i spoke at length when booking my two rooms about my preferences . this is simply poor treatment of a guest whom they believed would not complain . 
the service from check-in to checkout was excellent - timely and efficient . the room was more then i has expected . it was spacious and laid out very well . i particularly enjoyed the living room area as well as the double closets and separate bath and shower . the bed abd pillows were extremely comfortable . i believe it ' s the first time i stayed in a hotel that provided a toothbrush and toothpaste in the room . the location was perfect for us as we were able to walk to everywhere we needed to go . i particularly enjoyed the excellent food at thechina grill which is attached to the hard rock hotel . the service was very good and the staff very friendly . 
hotel monaco is simply amazing . i travel quite a bit , and am use to generic hotels , with horribly unimpressive rooms , and ' n star amenities ' which usually mean a packet of instant coffee , and room service that won ' t serve after npm . hotel monaco on the other hand was very impressive . the suite i stayed in was stylish and cozy . this hotel has such personality . my absolute favorite part of my stay , aside from the amazing meal i had down stairs , was the in-room spa treatment . hotel monaco just raised the bar on hotels for me . generic just won ' t do anymore . 
my stay at the ambassador east hotel was a pleasant one . i loved being able to take a quick stroll to michigan ave for some shopping . i also loved the pump room . what a fun place to hang out and enjoy a blood mary . the front desk staff was wonderful with my check in since my reservation was lost . they found me a room immediately even though the city was book up . i thought the rooms were clean and well maintained . the shampoo was great and i decided to take it home with me . i am looking forward to another stay at the ambassador east in the spring when i return to chicago . 
guys trip to chicago , scored this hotel on priceline for n a night . had a little confusion over the bed situation at first . they said they only had kings available even after i had called and requested n doubles . after a n minute ordeal at the front desk they put us in a room with n doubles . the room was nice , nothing specacular , a little on the small side but nice . the lobby was beautiful to look at but that ' s about it . hotel is within walking distance to soldier field , sears tower , espn zone , and lots of bars and restaurants . great location that and the price we got the room for made our trip . would definately try and stay at this hotel again . 
my experience with the fairmont chicago millennium park hotel was terrible ! i arrived exactly at my check in time only to be told my room would not be ready for another hour . i chose to wait patiently at the hotel bar and found myself again disappointed i sat for n minutes before the bar tender served me and the drink i received was warm . when the room was finally ready i was horrified to find hairs in the bathtub and mysterious spots on the bedding . when i called down to housekeeping the staff was very rude and maid who they sent up to change my sheets acted annoyed and muttered under her breath the whole time she was changing our sheets and cleaning the bathroom . after all this hassle i would normally expect at least a complimentary beverage but not only was that not offered i found even using internet at this location involved a rather exorbitant fee n . n for a n hour period . i was shocked having stayed at a variety of higher end hotels i have never once been asked to pay extra for my wifi access . overall i was highly disappointed with my stay and will not be returning to the fairmont chicago millennium park hotel any time soon . 
fantastic stay ! the hotel was beautifully decorated and immaculately clean . i chose this place because a friend recommended it plus it was very close to my business conference . here you get the resources and exemplary four star luxury treatment with the downtown chicago charm . be sure to try the ribs at south water kitchen next door . they are the best i ' ve ever had . ever ! if youre in the mood to unwind , you can sample the evening wine tastings downstairs or take a walk and explore the nightlife all around . i had a great time here . from now on , i won ' t stay anyplace else . 
stayed here for two days while attending lollopalooza music festival . one of the best locations in chicago , on michigan ave near the tribune and sun-times buildings . an easy walk or bus ride to many attractions . the king sized room was very nice , not large , but with a generous bathroom . service was excellent throughout . check out the awesome swimming pool , straight out of twenties . 
the reviews we read were a bit mixed , but i thought it was excellent . i ' ve stayed in the splendido , villa d ' este and others and it doesn ' t compare , but nor should it . it doesn ' t claim to be in that space . i expected it to be a notch off the four seasons and so it proved . a only a small notch too ! . lovely clean and bright room . superb views , very quiet , comfy bed etc . excellent service all round and nice staff . for the money and quality it stacked up very well indeed . couldn ' t really fault it any way given it was half the cost of the four seasons but pretty close in terms of overall experience . we will go there again when in chicago . great location too . 
this has been one of the most pleasurable hotels ive ever stayed at . from the beautiful concourse to the amazing food , amalfi really exceeds its standards . the in-room spa service was so relaxing and the tang of the wine was incredible . i highly recommend this hotel as i will give my stay a n n stars . 
great hotel . went for the weekend with my wife and had a wonderful time . the hotel is one of the cleanest well kept hotels i have stayed at . beautifull location on michigan ave downtown chicago overlooking grant park beautifull scenery . great staff and wonderfull food as well , i would recomend this hotel for anyone who is looking for a nice vacation or going for work . 
after considering several hotels in the area , my family and i finally decided , unfortunately , on homewood suites , for our long weekend vacation . overall , the experience left much to be desired . the breakfast buffet consisted of cold scrambled eggs and greasy pastries . the linens on one of our beds seemed dirty , and when i told the hotel staff and asked them to be replaced , the woman rolled her eyes and had a very unprofessional attitude . i would not come back here ever . 
having booked the hotel directly with the hotel on its website , i arrived tired from ireland , to find that they had mislaid my booking and had no room on that night , but did have rooms for the rest of the week . they booked me in to another ( not as nice ) downtown hotel and paid for my taxi to that hotel and for that nights accommodation . on my return to the hotel next day , i was upgraded to the club level . what really impressed me was that the hotel did everything they could to make up for their earlier mistake . . . unprompted . of course , the hotel itself ( particularly on the nnd floor ) is excellent . i will definitely be back . 
seriously overpriced the room was clean and comfortable but did not stand out from any other mid priced hotel . the ' amenities ' were a smoke screen , nothing was offered that you would not get at a much lesser quality motel but they did not have the basics that you would expect from a holiday inn . i would gladly have forgone the scale in the bathroom for a cup of hot coffee that i did not have to get dressed and go down to the lobby to purchase . being charged n day for internet on top of a n night rate was a bit over the top . the bathroom was not well lit which was inconvenient . the shower was a nice size with a fantastic over-sized shower head , unfortunately twice the water pressure was low so the effect was lost . the staff were friendly and helpful , actually the best part of the stay were the staff . all in all i found it overpriced for the quality of the room . 
the omni chicago hotel is one of the most beautiful hotels i have ever had the oppertunity to visit . not only are the desk clerks very helpful , but you feel like a celebrity when you visit . the workout room is great with lots of room so you do not feel cramp . they also have a great indoor pool and a spa . it also comes with n sundecks to get a nice tan . if you need a vacation , this is the place to stay . 
i just came back from this awesome , terrific hotel last week , and i have to say-- i loved it ! my wife and i were there for a week due to a business meeting , and right when i stepped into the hotel , i knew that this business vacation will be well spent . the customer service was very great , and an employee even guided us toward our room ! we were introduced to a fantastically lit room with n beds , a flat screen tv , and even free internet access . my wife loved it , and kept on using the free shampoo and body bath soap . when i headed down to the lobby for my conference , i got lost , and asked one of the people who worked there where my meeting might be held . he leaded me to the door , and i was very impressed . there is a fitness center which i went everyday , and this great restaurant called c-house situated nicely next to the hotel lobby , where i had a nice steak and my wife a salad . all in all , i thought that the trip was really worth it , and my stay was very welcoming at the affinia chicago . i highly recommend that whenever you visit chicago you should stay there , you will not regret it . 
i accompanied my husband on a business trip to chicago back in september and we stayed at the millennium knickerbocker hotel . the place was absolutely oozing with old-fashioned charm ! also , there were plenty of shopping opportunities within walking distance , so i shopped while my husband worked . it just doesn ' t get any better than that ! i loved the service we received and the ambiance of that grand old hotel , and i ' d definitely stay there again ! 
this is a stylish hotel located right on north michigan avenue , a five minute walk from the orange ' loop ' line that will get you to and from midway airport . forget about taking a taxi the train is a n ride and less than n minutes away . our room ( n ) was immaculate and spacious ( n sq ft , we were told ) . decorated in grays and white , the room was comfortable and soothing , not jarring . on the other hand , we found the lighting to be very poor and had trouble reading , finding keys , etc . no kidding . the bathroom was also quite dark and it didnt have a heating lamp . on the positive side , however , there were aveda products in the bathroom , the windows were huge , so during the day there was tons of natural light , and no issues with darkness . the king size bed was very firm , but had a plush pillow top which made it very comfortable and inviting . we had a largish tv with a dvd player . there is a safe and munchies . the gym is perfect , equipped with treadmills , ellipticals , bikes and weights . it is open n n and there is video surveillance for safety . there are towels , water , headphones , disposable ear pads , and complimentary green apples . suggestion if you are on a floor below the nnd , take the elevator up to nnd , then down to ln to get to the gym . this way you dont have to traverse the lobby . the front desk staff is amiable , and very attentive . i read some other reviews about nasty personnel , but did not have that experience at all . i got a free newspaper with a smile , a free stamp when i needed it , change and all the coffee i could tolerate in the morning . the hard rock is located less than a n minute walk from the water tower , the drury theater , john hancock , and magnificent mile . for those who like a thrifty breakfast , we recommend gourmet pantry at n n . michigan avenue -- . this deli made a delicious egg on a toasted roll with butter on a sunday morning , no less n . n . the hotel has a breakfast buffet for n . n per person , but we did not partake of it . we would stay at the hard rock again , and think it is great for people with ' tweens . ' not sure about the toddler set , though . 
the james hotel in chicago is by far one of the best hotels that my family and i have ever had the pleasure of staying at . the room service is the best in the area , not to mention the spa in the hotel is to die for . the lobby and the reception area is very contemporary . this is a great place to take the family to relax . i would recommend this hotel to anyone . n stars ! 
my stay at the sofitel was great . i loved the location it was in . from the moment i arrived the experince was great , the attendants were helpful and the front desk was too . i thought the room was elegant and very clean as well as comfortable . the room service was excllent and they were very friendly . checkout was a breeze and i couldnt ask for anything more in a hotel stay . 
my experience at the ambassador east hotel was truly terrible . i went to chicago with my husband and children to attend a wedding . this hotel was recommended by the wedding party . it was a terrible choice . despite the special discount we got because of the wedding , the hotel turned out to be very expensive compared to other nearby hotels . the staff and amenities were also very unfriendly to children . my kids were absolutely terrified of several members of the staff who scowled at them and yelled at them for no reason . the place was also very formal and stiff and decorated with a lot of breakable and expensive items . my son narrowly avoided breaking a vase when an ill tempered bellhop nearly ran him down with a luggage cart . overall , i would say i was very displeased with the staff , the hotel ' s attitude towards children , and the expense of the hotel . on the plus side , our window had an excellent view of the city . still , i would not return here again . 
the palmer house hlton hotel has to be the nicest hotel i have stayed at in chicago . i went to chicago on a business trip for a meeting . when i arrived once i walked in , the lobby was beautiful , i couldn ' t hardly wait to see my room . the rooms were just as nice , the bathroom was immaculate ! we had a meeting in the clark meeting room , even that was nice ! i wanted to take a tour of the hotel itself ! i was there for about n days and because of how convenient the hotel was to a lot of major attractions like , grant park , lake michigan , mag mile which is a shopping heaven , and the navy pier , it never really like the normal stressed out meetings . i love chicago and i now have a new favorite hotel to stay at while i ' m in town . 
stay away from this hotel . a few months back me and my wife decided to get out and have a nice pampered away from home weekend . looking at different options for this weekend we decided to go with the sheraton chicago hotel and towers . they claim ' experience the extraordinary ' and this sounded great . when we arrived at hotel we were met buy a closed front door and nobody to help with bags . the front desk clerk explained that our room was not yet ready and to goto the bar for some complemenatry drinks . after waiting n hours for our room we finally can start to relax . well upon entering room the smell of something horrible is overwhelming . the front desk informed us there was no other rooms and they would bring up some air freshner . we packed our bags and headed over to ' x ' hotel and were able to get to our pampered weekend away from home . 
i unfortunately stayed for n nights at the knickerbocker hotel . . . i should have checked out on day n . the bathrooms were filthy dirty with tangled hairs on the floor behind the door and after a few nights of scratching and the feeling of skin crawling . . . i pulled the bed away from the bedhead and watched as little rice sized brown bugs scurried over the white sheets . . . bed bugs ! which i might add the hotel are saying are flying insects from the windows being left open from when the window cleaners were there ( fortunately i took photos to the contrary ) finding the bed bugs . . . i looked at the mattress protector and pillows and found long hairs on both . . . i was disgusted at the hygeine and would never stay again at this establishment . 
no excuse for a hotel like this to have cold showers on three consecutive days and then to tell customer that engineering will look at it and that we should have told them sooner . i wouldn ' t expect a cold shower at a budget hotel , let alone an omni . great location and the bar is nice . 
my sister and i went to chicago for a weekend and decided to stay at this hotel because i have a friend who works at homewood suites here in cleveland so we got a discount . the valets were really friendly , you get in and out service when you pay for parking with the hotel . check-in is on the nth floor because there are restaurants beneath the hotel at street level . that also made finding the hotel tricky because i expected a groove to pull into and it turned out that i just had to pull over to the right side of the street . the lady at the front desk was friendly and informative . our room was very clean . the fact that it is an extented stay hotel was nice when it came to bringing home leftovers from restaurants , storing and reheating food . the complimentary breakfast was great ! they have real food such as eggs , bacon , french toast , cereal , bagels , juice , milk , and yogurt . the hotel is in walking distance from everything and there is a trolley that goes to navy pier and passes by michigan avenue . they also have free wifi . overall , i would definately stay here again and i would recommend it to others . 
three nights there on business . hadn ' t realized that the place was under construction and therefore the bar and restaurant are in the basement , very bleak . told the front desk that i hadn ' t realized about the construction , so i ' d have to switch hotels , they said they were still going to charge me for n nights . so i stayed . tv didn ' t work . tried to get them to fix it and they ignored me . . . eventually after i called again , a few hours later , a couple grumpy maintanance guys came and fixed it . long and complicated experience at the business center ( which doesn ' t open until nam , btw ) , where i ended up paying n to print n pages . had to buy these cards , and then the woman behind the desk ended up printing them herself anyway , ( and charging me for them ) . i was left with n on a card for use at the business center in the basement of the swissotel in chicago , n miles from where i live . i asked for a refund on the card and -- no surprise -- she declined to help me with that . nice room , nice view , but the hotel is sterile and the service was incredibly bad . worst experience i ' ve ever had at a hotel when traveling for business . 
great location - right on the chicago river - away from the other skyscraper hotels - our room was good size , very clean and with a nice river view - overall , a great staff - in particular i would like to point out christy morgan - chief experience officer and paula fortney - concierge for their assistance in making this stay a memorable one - ( in the interests of full disclosure , we stayed here on our amex - starwood points ) 
i was very unsatisfied with my stay at the allegro . the front desk clerk seemed very put out when we walked up to her window . after giving her our confirmation number she let us know that our rooms were not ready yet . this came as a surprise to me since we arrived late in the day and check in had already began . after waiting an hour to check in we were not able to get the room features that we had requested . we were informed that they were ' only requests ' and not a guarantee . room service was also very slow and appeared to be understaffed . when we finally got someone to answer the phone they were out of most everything we wanted . the food took an eternity to reach the room and the order wasn ' t exactly right either . this is not the kind of service i expected from an upscale hotel . 
after reading good reviews about i booked a n night stay . checked in late bit called early in the day to assure we ' d have a roll away as well as the pull out sofa for n teens . they somehow had us booked for two rooms instead . got that sorted out and arrived around n pm . checked in and waited for our luggage . . . finally went down and got it ourselves . the room was a little grungy , furniture shabby , and discovered a suspicious stain on the duvet cover . ewww . called for a new duvet cover which was delivered and unceremoniously handed to me . fyi it ' s kinda gross to have to change the duvet cover in a hotel . next day tried to iron a dress for dinner and the iron didn ' t work . called for a replacement , waited a while , called again and was brought another iron which also didn ' t work . third time was a charm . oh boy . too bad we paid in advance . won ' t be staying here again . 
we booked this hotel as a last minute vacation planned on doing a little shopping and nightlife downtown . we where woken up at n n in the morning with our bathroom flooded , this water was brown and all the clothing and our belongings left in the bathroom were dirty and sopping wet . we where moved to another room , but it was smaller then the orginal room we had gotten and paid for . the next day the housekeeping service never even came to change our sheets , coffee or towels , which is just horrible service . the service along with the orginal room where perfect , but we do not plan on ever spending another weekend in that flooding hotel . 
i stayed here for n nights last summer . i booked the reservation on priceline for n night which was the cheapest rate i could find anywhere during a convention week . anyway , when i arrived at n pm from the airport , i was told that they had overbooked the hotel and had no room for me . they booked me at a dumpy n star motel by the airport . they gave me n for a taxi to get there , and it cost me n . i was late for a meeting the next morning because of the extra travel and packing unpacking . the millennium offered no compensation whatsoever for their foul-up . no free drink , no room upgrade , nothing . since i booked on the internet , i was chopped liver . beware . 
we chose to stay at the hilton chicago because it was in such a centralized location- everything that our family wanted to do in town was located so close ! what i didn ' t expect was for the beds to be so comfortable . i can ' t remember when i got a better night ' s sleep . the staff was very friendly and the hotel grounds were impeccably kept . we ' ll be returning to the hilton chicago the next time we ' re in town ! 
my wife and i booked a room at the hilton chicago three weekends ago , as this is a downtown hotel and a well known brand we knew we were going to have to pay a little more but for that additional price we were expecting to get a quality hotel . we were expecting some minutia of luxury . however , this was not the case with the hilton chicago . first , we had reserved a room with a king size bed , but they did not have any available and we were stuck with a queen size bed . now , we did get a reduced price because of this , but we had made a reservations and expected to be accommodated as we had asked . second , we had to change our room key twice . the room keys they used supposedly lost their ' charge ' . this is what the front desk told us . so , we had to go up to our room , find out the key didn ' t work , then come back down stairs get a new key , then get back in . this was highly unprofessional , and they really need to look into their key system . lastly , we were told at the end of our stay that we had no charges on our room . we knew this was accurate , but i always check just in case . but two weeks later when i checked my credit card an additional two hundred dollars of charges were on my card . i had to call and argue with them for twenty minutes before they took it off my card . suffice it to say we will not be staying there again . 
i only stayed at this hotel for one night , the location was great but the elevators drove me crazy . after the first long wait i started to time how long it took from the moment i pushed the button until the elevator arrived , never under n min . even late at night . i went up to the rooftop for and after dinner drink with my husband . . . n margarita was n ! i wans ' t drinking because i ' m pregnant so i had a soda water for n . . . if i would have known i would have had tap water . overall . . . great rooms , ok staff , horrible elevators , overpriced drinks . 
the sofitel chicago water tower was horrible . the first tip off that this would be a bad experience is when we had called ahead to make sure it was ok to check in after hours and that a concierge would be available when we arrived only to find out that they didn ' t even have a record of our reservation . after much inappropriate arguing , they found our reservation and we were assured all would be fine . when we checked in we got a dirty room without any working wifi or tv . it took a few calls to get fresh towels and for them to turn the heat on so we could sleep comfortably . the next day we called to get our complimentary room service that most decent hotels provide free and they had no records of us even checking in . a quick check with the credit card company had they charge already pending in the wrong amount . we finally left in disgust and got a much better hotel , the fancypants hotel and suits with complementary airport shuttle and award winning preferred member rewards club . overall , the service at the sofitel was rude , rooms were unsatisfactory , restaurant sub-par , not well kept up or clean . in the future i would never stay there again and wold definitely pick a more reputable hotel with a proven track record , like the fancypants hotel and suits , my personal favorite . 
this hotel is absolutely beautiful . i is elegant , comfortable and a very relaxing stay . it was easy to get to the airport and very close to shopping . i felt like a king in a castle surrounded by luxury and beauty . i would recommend this hotel to anyone . 
my husband and i were planning our nst year wedding anniversary and we wanted to go back and spend it in chicago where we had first met . after spending several minutes frustratingly navigating the talbott hotel ' s website , i finally was able to complete a reservation for a long weekend . after a long flight into chicago , we were so ready to check in , shower , and lay down in our hotel room . however , once we arrived the unfriendly clerk behind the counter notified us that we did not have a reservation . i provided her with the confirmation email and she again said there must be a mistake because the room we reserved was already occupied . she begrudgingly found us a new room after what seemed like an hour of waiting . we then carried our own bags up to our room only to immediately be hit with a rancid smell of cigarette smoke as soon as we opened the door . i ' m severely allergic to smoke and we ended up getting a refund and locating a much more accommodating and friendly hotel . 
i already wrote a review about all the free stuff you get but now i ' m going to write about the location ! i like to walk . this place was close to everything ! ! ! ! the ' taste of chicago ' was on during the nth of july . let me tell you , this was the best ' taste ' of a city that i have ever been to . it was massive and took n mins to walk there . i took the train in from the airport ( it was around n . n but it was a solid n mins but for n . n , how can you complain ? ) and it was approx a n walk to the hotel . we pretty much walked everywhere . we walked the entire magnificent mile strip . we went to the blue navy or whatever the docks are called . my favourite bar was ' pops for champagne . ' wow . i love champagne . and then of course there was the john hancock centre . and lots of shopping ! 
while the james was once considered an elegant , chic establishment , it has lost its luster . the small rooms are filled with cheap ikea type furnishings , our tiny bathroom flooded with water that escaped the shower curtain . showers and flushings from neighboring rooms sounded more like protective levies collapsing . the n small elevators could not handle the guests , and many of us were forced to walk down several flights of stairs rather then wait for extended periods of time . the thin windows could not contain street noise and sidewalk conversations were heard throughout the night . it was rather provocative to listen to the couple next door carousing , but also rather tacky unsettling . it took more then n minutes for the valet to bring our car after we checked out . this hotel has lost it and the james sysndicate will have a difficult time competing in new york ' s soho when they try to open in september . new yorkers will not tolerate shabby incompetence . 
on my recent weekend stay at the fairmont chicago millennium park hotel , i was very disappointed . i chose this hotel after scouring various hotel websites in the area . from the look of the website , my expectations were above average . i felt the website led one to believe it was upscale . upon my arrival , i checked in . i was shown my room and at first glance everything seemed fine with the room . as i was settling into the room , i began to notice a general lack of cleanliness . i noticed spiderwebs in corners , and a lack of cleanliness in the bathroom . also , it was advertised that there was an i pod docking station in the room , however , it did not work and i had to call down for them to bring a replacement . i , as a guest should not have had to call down , these items should be checked to ensure they work properly before a guest checks in . i found the restaurants on site to be crowded , loud and not to mention an unusally long wait to be served my meal . i did inquire about a few of the menu items and my waiter seemed to have a lack of knowledge about the menu items . overall , my experience was not good and the next time i am in the area , i will chose another hotel for my stay . 
this is best hotel bargin in chicago if you are not overly unhappy with a small room . great hotel just redone by kimpton . this is a great hotel chain that really provides a the sense of escape and fun to all of their hotels . this is a location just off of lasalle and next to the cadillac theater . it has a n star resturant which we enjoyed in a relaxed atmosphere an amazing italian meal . the wine list is one of the best in a city of great restaurants . the kimptons have a social hour n to n with wine at all of their hotels . you sit in a designer , kind of london circa n couch with a fire place nearby and have that lost art form of relaxation with you fellow guests . they are super animal friendly and provide complete services to your dog if you wish to bring it . the exercise room is great and there is a spa here as well . there are two other kimptons here but for the money the allegro is the best value and location . always consider kimptons as they never disappoint where ever we have used them . 
we stayed at this hotel for our last vacation to the windy city . although the hotel looks nice , the service is terrible . the staff was rude and unprofessional and not helpful at all . the room service closes at npm so don ' t plan on getting hungry after that time . also , even though we stayed for a whole week we had to ask for new towels and extra toiletries . i will never go back to that place 
i had a great time here ! it is centerally located in chicago so walking around is so easy and pleasent . the staff was amazing and very helpful ! parking was a bit steep , but to be expected . the room was very nice and the bed and linens were very confortable . the yoga mat rental was wonderful as well ! wonderful and relaxing experience overall . 
do you imagine getting there for the first time and overlooking the room , that was supposed to be ready , with used towels and the mouthwash opened and used ? what about when they left the towel for the floor ( the foot towel ) to dry my face ? what about the slippers that , although being still in the bag , had all the sole broken and left tiny plastic parts over the way to the garbage ( all over the room , de facto ) . i didn ' t realise that would happen to me until i saw paris hilton on tv and then i knew god is great and he did it to us for being such an idiots to go to a company that has been able to create her . shame on us , actually ! 
i really had high hopes for homewood suites when i stayed there on a week-long business trip last month . after all , considering their prices ( it ' s technically a hilton ) , you would expect something above and beyond a typical cut-rate bargain motel . i ' ll start with the good stuff about the hotel it ' s in downtown . now for the bad stuff first , everyone is rude . i ' m not sure if management intentionally hires rude people or if the poisonous culture inside the hotel grinds otherwise decent people into cynical pulp . the bellboy scowled at me in the lobby , was rough with my luggage , and then scowled at me again when i tipped him n . likewise , the receptionist seemed flustered and in over her head . she had to call her supervisor over twice just to check me in , and i had a reservation ! apparently she was new , and didn ' t have much experience using the computer , but that ' s no excuse it turned what would have been a two-minute process at a decent hotel into n minutes of tedium . sadly , the room was no better than the service . the hot water in the sink did not work , the shower was only lukewarm , and one of the bulbs was dead in the light fixture above the sink . complimentary mood lighting , i guess . the tv was a bust sure it was an lcd , but the espn logo at the bottom right corner of the screen was burned in and stayed there on every channel . and to top it all off , the bed smelled funny . i called the front desk ( at least the phone worked ) , and asked for fresh sheets . the person i talked to said they ' d be right up , but never came . eventually , i gave up . i woke up the next morning to back pain ( the bed was about as firm as a marshmallow ) . i left the room , and made my way through the chilly hallways to the ' complimentary buffet . ' literally all the food was bad . even the cereal tasted stale . looking around , everyone in the dinning room appeared to be having a similar experience . the sight of two-dozen disappointed people sipping weak coffee and prodding watered-down scrambled eggs with plastic forks was a sight more becoming of a refugee camp than an expensive hotel . just plain sad . worst part was , it was the same thing for the next four days , too . 
first let me say , the front office people at hotel monaco are wonderful and the location of the hotel was just what i ' d hoped . there are some other problems the furnishings are quite rundown , and housekeeping wasn ' t very helpful . we booked a suite and the sofa bed , chair and coffee table in the living room area had all had some very hard use . i ' ve attached pictures , so you can see the considerable gap in the sofa and the lack of pillows . comfortable it was not ! the chair bottom is all broken down too . i invited one of the assistant managers to view our furniture , and a slight adjustment was made in our rate . as to housekeeping , we had ordered an in-room coffee service ( which kimpton ' s web site says is there , but you have to specifically request ) and at no time did housekeeping leave us coffee . we had to call the front desk every day . and , housekeeping neglected our fish and on our next to last day we found it floating dead at the top of the fish bowl . i had requested water be added to the bowl when i noticed it going down and my note was disregarded . these things may not matter to you , but if you plan to spend a week , like we did , you might want to be comfortable . the bedroom and bathroom were superior just the living room was bad . 
conrad chicago it was n n am my plan just flew in and i was tired i checked myself into the confad chicago when i first got there there was a creepy employe the floor was filthy but i got my room in the nth level of then as i dashed towards the elevator my suite case in hand i entered it then that ' s where i started to see the beauti of the place the walls where polished wood there was even a small ac heater unit and it was good . then out of no where ting i made it up there this place was great the carpets where velveteen it was a true luxurious hotel i found my rooms and was greeted to a golden door nob i was living in paradise after i got into my room it was a perfect ! the room was a perfect n degrees . i was shocked to find how confrotable the bed was . . . perfect ! and it had leather pillows and a huge blanket then just when i didn ' t think it could get any better i look my bathroom its perfect stone and gold ! the water actually has a good taste to it like grapes i was so shocked i fell uncontentious i was drowning cause my face fell into the toilet then i woke up you wont believe how fast the assistance will save your life there ! i when t back up into my floor and guess what i say out the windows a swimming pool and it was huge olympic sized swimming pool it was great . i got on my beach suit and went down there and it was heated over all i don ' t think i can leave and all of the other swimmers where pretty nice rich people and they where alright though a little big stuck up but not too much . then came dinner time perfect . i must say i am extremely satisfied with my visit ! time to fly back to where i cam from and then my plan took off i ' m going to miss that hotel n n ! 
the international chicago magnificent mile is shrouded in glamour , but underneath the facade fades away . the ' classical architectural landmark ' should be translated to ' old and boring . i found this hotel via google and have regretted it ever since . room size was small and unaccommodating , and that was one of the newer rooms ! everything was free except for the gym ( why that wouldn ' t be free with the price i paid i don ' t know ) . this hotel is overpriced for the quality and size of the room that you get , and i would not recommend staying there . 
my husband and i stayed at the hotel allegro in chicago this past summer . needless to say we will not be returning ! the hotel is very overpriced for what you get . upon arriving to the hotel the staff was very unfriendly and could not help with questions we had . the bed was very uncomfortable and the ' fully-stocked honor bar ' was stocked with only a few choices . the shower did not even work ! we booked the king suite with jacuzzi but ended up only getting a king room with no jacuzzi . i would not recommend this place ! 
this a great property , excellent location and wonderful staff . everyone was very accommodating and polite . the room i had was on the nrd floor and was like a suite , with a living area and a bedroom . the living room was spacious , with a plasma tv , a desk and a couch . the beds were very comfortable and the toiletries of very good quality . in the closed they placed an umbrella , which came in handy , it rained the whole time i was in chicago . the internet connection is n . n nhrs . great place , i will return for sure . 
after checking out of the sofitel chicago water tower the other day , i left the hotel , crossed the street and started to walk eb on chestnut while looking for a cab . i was still within sight of a sofitel doorman when i sighted a cab approximately one block away and attempted to hail same . after doing so , i immediately heard a sofitel doorman yelling for me to stop and then heard the sound of his whistle . as the cab slowed to pick me up , the doorman continued to yell at me and blow his whistle as he started to run in my direction . when the cab stopped , i quickly entered cab and locked the door for fear of being physically attacked by the sofitel doorman . after locking the door , the doorman attempted to open the door as he continued to accost me from outside of the cab . after claiming that he had hotel customers waiting for cabs , he suggested that i had no right to hail a cab in the vicinity of the hotel and then called me a ' jerk ' before allowing the cab driver to depart to my destination . consequently , unless you enjoy being accosted by hotel doormen , please don ' t attempt to hail a cab anywhere near the hotel under any circumstances without first securing the permission of a doorman . lastly , as for the rest of my stay , you will enjoy this hotel if you seek a highly pretentious staff who prefer to speak to guests in french instead of english . while i have nothing against the french or french language , i much prefer communicating in english when visiting one of the best cities in the best country in the world . viva la usa ! 
i received the type of room that i had reserved . cleanliness seems to be an issue with the maid staff . the carpet had debris and the bathroom needed attention . room service was adequate but not great . the walls seem to be paper then as i heard one neighbor ' s tv for most of the night and the other neighbor ' s late enjoyment . 
my husband and i recently stayed at your hard rock hotel in chicago , and what a fantastic experience it was . we stayed in one of the ' extreme suites ' and let me tell you it was beautiful . the furniture and paintings were amazing and the view was to die for . the staff treated us really well and met all of our needs and then some . i especially loved the spa . we stayed for a week but i could have stayed a lot longer . it was very comfortable and welcoming . we will make sure to recommend your hotel to our friends and will be back the next time we are in chicago . thanks so much ! 
i have stayed at this location many times over the past few years and have enjoyed the neighborhood , cost and amenities . the hotel is currently under construction and while they claim to be open , you wouldn ' t know it . you need to take an elevator to get from the street the lobby and the rooms are bare lacking even an alarm clock . the beds are propped up on a modern bed stand but you might think that you are in a stale mental asylum and not a ' nicer historic hotel . ' i will try them again once the construction is through but would recommend staying at any other hotel in the meantime . it was a very frustrating experience . 
i recently stayed at the sheraton chicago hotel . it was my first time staying at this hotel and , i am sorry to say , it was my last time staying there . one of my main issues with this hotel was the amount of noise . the walls must be very thin because lying in bed at night i could hear my neighbors in the next room talking . although i could not quite make out the words of their conversations , i could definitely hear their voices as more than just a murmer . in addition , i was awakened several times by people conversing in the hallway as they walked by my door , presumably on the way to their rooms . admittedly , i am a light sleeper , but this was ridiculous . if you decide to stay here , i suggest that you check your bill very carefully before check out . when i checked mine , i found that i was being charged a rate higher than the one that i was supposed to be charged . i had to wait in line at the front desk for someone to help me ( and the front desk service is woefully slow ) and finally had to ask to speak to a supervisor before the error could be corrected . finally , though i had been told upon check-in that my room had been recently updated , i cannot believe that statement was accurate . the room appeared to be rather dated in its furnishings and decor and the carpet appeared to be somewhat worn . all in all , i round my stay at this hotel to be disappointing . next time i will arrange to stay elsewhere . 
our first visit to chicago and i really cannot wait to go back . the hotel was in a great location and every member of staff we had contact with were exceptionally helpful . particular mention should go to the door staff who were amazingly helpful . the room was clean , quiet and spacious , if only every hotel were like this . 
i stayed at the fairmont chicago for one night - i ' m a frequent business traveler and am very familiar with travel rituals . i checked in late ( almost npm ) due to flight cancellations from my home airport -- atlanta . i took the shuttle to the airport ( best option in lieu of the over priced taxis ) , and it was my first time staying at the hotel . upon arrival , i immediately noticed the entrance , which appeared very welcoming and warm to me . i checked in with no problems -- and the desk person even asked if i ' d prefer a king or double ( reconfirming my reservation preference ) . i always take the king when i can , and the bed was fantastic ! it was suited with great linen and these incredible down feather pillows named encompass made by the pillow factory -- i checked the tags , since i plan to buy some ! i ate dinner at the hotel restaurant - aria , which they mention they like to be considered separate from the hotel -- and yes , it does stand out all on it ' s own . the food is asian fusion , and truly wonderful -- as a gourmand and life-long foodie , i appreciate great food when i taste it ! the hotel service was good as well . only drawback was the breakfast buffet at the restaurant -- seems they need to stick with their dinner theme solely . they missed the mark on relatively simply things like scrambled eggs on the buffet , which tasted a bit ' metallic ' . but they made up for it by getting a special order made immediately after i passed on the buffet . i would highly recommend this hotel -- it has atmosphere and a great view ( if you can get a room with one ) , fabulous dinner -- just pass on the breakfast buffet . 
